Sounds cool. Do you use Netflix?	I once tried a free trial. Netflix is so huge. It was 2 billion dollars now. Compare that to Blockbuster's offer in the past to buy it for 50 million!
I once tried a free trial. Netflix is so huge. It was 2 billion dollars now. Compare that to Blockbuster's offer in the past to buy it for 50 million!	They eve spend less money on bandwidth than postage
They eve spend less money on bandwidth than postage	Yeah. Netflix's beginning is interest. Reed Hastings was inspired to create Netflix after getting a big late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13.
Yeah. Netflix's beginning is interest. Reed Hastings was inspired to create Netflix after getting a big late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13.	thats funny. late fees dont help
thats funny. late fees dont help	It's surprising they spend so much on postage. I'd imagine with the internet as big as it is today, most of their services would be offered online.
It's surprising they spend so much on postage. I'd imagine with the internet as big as it is today, most of their services would be offered online.	I think they offer mostly promotions through email, and postage is always more expensive for a person to deliver.
I think they offer mostly promotions through email, and postage is always more expensive for a person to deliver.	Have you ever seen Lilyhammer? I guess that is Netflix's first series.
Have you ever seen Lilyhammer? I guess that is Netflix's first series.	I have not. The yare putting a lot of money ino originals too
I have not. The yare putting a lot of money ino originals too	I have not seen it either. Well it was nice chatting. Have a good day!
I have not seen it either. Well it was nice chatting. Have a good day!	You too!
You too!	Hello, are you particularly interested in sports?
Hello, are you particularly interested in sports?	Hello, it depends on which sport. I'm a basketball fan, and am fascinated by the fact that there is a court in the Supreme Court Buliding.
Hello, it depends on which sport. I'm a basketball fan, and am fascinated by the fact that there is a court in the Supreme Court Buliding.	It's crazy how huge basketball is! I think in 39 states, the highest paid state employee is a college basketball or football coach.
It's crazy how huge basketball is! I think in 39 states, the highest paid state employee is a college basketball or football coach.	That is insane. Not as offensive as the New Zealand basketball team's nickname. The Tall Blacks. Seriously, people?
That is insane. Not as offensive as the New Zealand basketball team's nickname. The Tall Blacks. Seriously, people?	Oh my god, that's definitely breaking a lot of social norms. Did you know the inventor of basketball was University of Kansas' only losing coach?
Oh my god, that's definitely breaking a lot of social norms. Did you know the inventor of basketball was University of Kansas' only losing coach?	Wow. That says a lot. The court at the Supreme Court building, is referred to as "the highest court in the land", awesome play there.
Wow. That says a lot. The court at the Supreme Court building, is referred to as "the highest court in the land", awesome play there.	Oh for sure, I can't imagine being able to have that much access. I wonder if they have something similar for other sports, you a fan of football or baseball at all?
Oh for sure, I can't imagine being able to have that much access. I wonder if they have something similar for other sports, you a fan of football or baseball at all?	Not really. I have Japanese friends who are shocked that baseball is considered "america's pastime", when they have American friends who have never been to a game.
Not really. I have Japanese friends who are shocked that baseball is considered "america's pastime", when they have American friends who have never been to a game.	It's surprising considering how popular it is there! And baseball is huge everywhere, some guy made 3 million off of 1900s baseball cards he found in his grandfather's attic.
It's surprising considering how popular it is there! And baseball is huge everywhere, some guy made 3 million off of 1900s baseball cards he found in his grandfather's attic.	I would have thrown them out, lol. I have zero interest in the cards, and only recently found out that managers are able to play for their teams if they are needed.
I would have thrown them out, lol. I have zero interest in the cards, and only recently found out that managers are able to play for their teams if they are needed.	I wonder if they have their own cards! And also what cards are called in other countries, like Kickball in Canada is called soccer-baseball.
I wonder if they have their own cards! And also what cards are called in other countries, like Kickball in Canada is called soccer-baseball.	Interesting. ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line. Must have been a slow year.
Interesting. ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line. Must have been a slow year.	But at the same time I think it's good they receive recognition! Like Benjarvus Green-Ellis went his career without fumbling a ball, he should have gotten an award for it.
But at the same time I think it's good they receive recognition! Like Benjarvus Green-Ellis went his career without fumbling a ball, he should have gotten an award for it.	It's hilarious that the top bowlers of the 60's made more than football players.
It's hilarious that the top bowlers of the 60's made more than football players.	I wonder why that is, I guess people didn't care back then. I wonder if the highest football game score occured when people didn't care as much.
I wonder why that is, I guess people didn't care back then. I wonder if the highest football game score occured when people didn't care as much.	I think it was because Georgia Tech was so good.
I think it was because Georgia Tech was so good.	I wonder how it must have felt to be Cumberland, football is so slow scoring and yet to lose 222-0??
I wonder how it must have felt to be Cumberland, football is so slow scoring and yet to lose 222-0??	I bet they had a pink locker room, like Iowa State does.
I bet they had a pink locker room, like Iowa State does.	I wonder if people actually get stirred by that, like you have to believe most college teams know they'll see it when they visit by now right?
I wonder if people actually get stirred by that, like you have to believe most college teams know they'll see it when they visit by now right?	Maybe. Kickball is called soccer-baseball in Canada. So weird.
Maybe. Kickball is called soccer-baseball in Canada. So weird.	Yeah it's certainly interesting how the same sports differ in different areas. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good day!
Yeah it's certainly interesting how the same sports differ in different areas. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good day!	Hey there do you like watching football? Did you see one team painted their locker room pink?
Hey there do you like watching football? Did you see one team painted their locker room pink?	I know that's a tactic to intimidate the other team. I'm more into basketball since in 39 out of 50 states a college basketball or football coach is the highest paid state employee.
I know that's a tactic to intimidate the other team. I'm more into basketball since in 39 out of 50 states a college basketball or football coach is the highest paid state employee.	Did you know that the dog was disallowed in basketball for a while? I guess Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good
Did you know that the dog was disallowed in basketball for a while? I guess Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was just too good	Yea I couldn't imagine a basketball game without a dunk. Dis you know that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top of their building
Yea I couldn't imagine a basketball game without a dunk. Dis you know that the supreme court has a basketball court on the top of their building	That's really crazy. I do think it's funny that it's called "the highest court in the land". I wonder if they ever played basketball games to decide a court case haha
That's really crazy. I do think it's funny that it's called "the highest court in the land". I wonder if they ever played basketball games to decide a court case haha	That would be interesting to know...lol Hey did you hear about the man who found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his granddads attic
That would be interesting to know...lol Hey did you hear about the man who found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards in his granddads attic	That's amazing! You know what I don't like? Kickball in Canada is called soccer - baseball. That name sounds really stupid haha
That's amazing! You know what I don't like? Kickball in Canada is called soccer - baseball. That name sounds really stupid haha	I would be so confused if someone said that. I think it's odd how popular baseball is in Japan.
I would be so confused if someone said that. I think it's odd how popular baseball is in Japan.	I do too. Apparently they are shocked that it is America's national Pastime and not Japan's haha
I do too. Apparently they are shocked that it is America's national Pastime and not Japan's haha	Yea I'm not sure if the team managers in Japan can actually play in the game if needed like in American teams or not.
Yea I'm not sure if the team managers in Japan can actually play in the game if needed like in American teams or not.	That's a good question. I also don't think that Japan used a married couple to schedule other baseball games haha. The MLB did up until 2005
That's a good question. I also don't think that Japan used a married couple to schedule other baseball games haha. The MLB did up until 2005	I know that's crazy. Of course baseball and football can't compare to high scoring like basketball unless you count the 1916 Georgia tech game.
I know that's crazy. Of course baseball and football can't compare to high scoring like basketball unless you count the 1916 Georgia tech game.	No not at all. yes it's crazy that the highest scoring game was 222 to 0. That is a major blowout!
No not at all. yes it's crazy that the highest scoring game was 222 to 0. That is a major blowout!	I know right. I wonder if the other team was even awake? I'm just glad ESPN came up with the yellow line for first downs on football games.
I know right. I wonder if the other team was even awake? I'm just glad ESPN came up with the yellow line for first downs on football games.	Yes that was a great invention! I didn't know that the New Zealand basketball team is "the tall blacks". That name seems offensive!
Yes that was a great invention! I didn't know that the New Zealand basketball team is "the tall blacks". That name seems offensive!	It does haha. But you have to admit throwing a 9.4 inch diameter ball into an 18 inch hoop has to require massive precision.
It does haha. But you have to admit throwing a 9.4 inch diameter ball into an 18 inch hoop has to require massive precision.	Oh I agree. Did you know that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach? He was the most losing coach at his entire University's history
Oh I agree. Did you know that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach? He was the most losing coach at his entire University's history	I know, that sucks for Kansas. Of course when he started he was using peach baskets not a goal 10 feet high like today.
I know, that sucks for Kansas. Of course when he started he was using peach baskets not a goal 10 feet high like today.	That makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed "the tall blacks"- that seems really offensive.
That makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that the New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed "the tall blacks"- that seems really offensive.	It does. But what really confused me is how so many places consider different sports football.
It does. But what really confused me is how so many places consider different sports football.	Yes I've always wondered about the name difference between the United States and the rest of the world. I personally like American football though. I can't stand soccer
Yes I've always wondered about the name difference between the United States and the rest of the world. I personally like American football though. I can't stand soccer	I love watching football - both american football and soccer.
I love watching football - both american football and soccer.	I do too! I like being at the games! What teams do you like?
I do too! I like being at the games! What teams do you like?	I am a Redskin fan but we are not any good. We need green-ellis who has never fumbled.
I am a Redskin fan but we are not any good. We need green-ellis who has never fumbled.	Yes, he's unreal! I do enjoy going to the baseball, basketball and hockey games also. How about the Supreme Court Building?
Yes, he's unreal! I do enjoy going to the baseball, basketball and hockey games also. How about the Supreme Court Building?	There is a basketball court at the top! The highest court in the land!
There is a basketball court at the top! The highest court in the land!	Great idea! Good way to get exercise during your workday!!
Great idea! Good way to get exercise during your workday!!	Absolutely - I want to check out the pink locker room at the U of Iowa
Absolutely - I want to check out the pink locker room at the U of Iowa	lol, Do you think it did anything to the opposing team?
lol, Do you think it did anything to the opposing team?	I wonder if Cumberland had such a locker room when they lost 222-0?
I wonder if Cumberland had such a locker room when they lost 222-0?	If not, its really sad! Didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team?
If not, its really sad! Didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team?	Yes - nicknamed the tall blacks! That seems somewhat inappropriate!
Yes - nicknamed the tall blacks! That seems somewhat inappropriate!	I think so too! Japan is crazy for baseball. Hard to believe they didn't know it was America's national pastime!
I think so too! Japan is crazy for baseball. Hard to believe they didn't know it was America's national pastime!	For sure. I used to be neighbors with the couple who scheduled all 2430 baseball games every year
For sure. I used to be neighbors with the couple who scheduled all 2430 baseball games every year	Wow, neighbors, tha'ts loyalty! I don't understand that football can be called kickball in Canada?
Wow, neighbors, tha'ts loyalty! I don't understand that football can be called kickball in Canada?	I think it is actually kickball that is called soccer-baseball in canada
I think it is actually kickball that is called soccer-baseball in canada	Ok yes, soccer-baseball your right. Thinking the baseball is a little weird. How great to find 3 million worth of baseball cards in your grandfathers attic!!
Ok yes, soccer-baseball your right. Thinking the baseball is a little weird. How great to find 3 million worth of baseball cards in your grandfathers attic!!	I know - my grandfather never collected cards sadly. I think its funny that baseball managers wear the team uniforms so that they can sub in and play. That would be hilarious to see
I know - my grandfather never collected cards sadly. I think its funny that baseball managers wear the team uniforms so that they can sub in and play. That would be hilarious to see	lol, I just got a visual! That's funny. In 39 states the college football coaches are the highest paid state employees.
lol, I just got a visual! That's funny. In 39 states the college football coaches are the highest paid state employees.	Yes basketball and football coaches do make a ton of money!
Yes basketball and football coaches do make a ton of money!	Apparently, Kareem abdul-jabbar dunk shot was banned from college for over a decade, interesting! Good chat!!
Apparently, Kareem abdul-jabbar dunk shot was banned from college for over a decade, interesting! Good chat!!	Yes that is pretty funny he was so amazing. Did you know James Naismith invented basketball?
Yes that is pretty funny he was so amazing. Did you know James Naismith invented basketball?	Hey, I am really into watching sports. Football is my favorite though. A lot going on in sports right now thouhg.
Hey, I am really into watching sports. Football is my favorite though. A lot going on in sports right now thouhg.	Football is my favorite as well although I also like watching all the major sports. Who are your favorite teams?
Football is my favorite as well although I also like watching all the major sports. Who are your favorite teams?	I am a huge Packers fan! Even though we are from California,lol. I heard that the top bowlers used to make more money than Football players in the 1960's, crayz.
I am a huge Packers fan! Even though we are from California,lol. I heard that the top bowlers used to make more money than Football players in the 1960's, crayz.	I am an Eagles fan and have read that players in the 60's on our team had offseason jobs. I'm sure some still do today but the Hall of Famers on our team were selling concrete after the season.
I am an Eagles fan and have read that players in the 60's on our team had offseason jobs. I'm sure some still do today but the Hall of Famers on our team were selling concrete after the season.	Oh I see, you make a great point. That makes a lot of sense. Off season factors in a lot differently now.
Oh I see, you make a great point. That makes a lot of sense. Off season factors in a lot differently now.	Yeah when you aren't one of the superstar players you don't make the big bucks.
Yeah when you aren't one of the superstar players you don't make the big bucks.	That is true and often times when the smaller paid guy gets hurt, thats the end of the road for his career. I cant imagine watching football without the graphic on tv , like the yellow line they put on the first down,
That is true and often times when the smaller paid guy gets hurt, thats the end of the road for his career. I cant imagine watching football without the graphic on tv , like the yellow line they put on the first down,	Yes they've really used technology in a way that enhances the viewing of the game.
Yes they've really used technology in a way that enhances the viewing of the game.	Exactly, ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line. That was genius!
Exactly, ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line. That was genius!	I would be pretty lost trying to watch without it. There would be way too much guessing if someone got a first down until they spotted the ball.
I would be pretty lost trying to watch without it. There would be way too much guessing if someone got a first down until they spotted the ball.	Oh yeah, me too! I would like it if football was the same as baseball in terms of the coach being able to play. In baseball he coach is dressed to play because he actually can! lol
Oh yeah, me too! I would like it if football was the same as baseball in terms of the coach being able to play. In baseball he coach is dressed to play because he actually can! lol	I know there have been a few player/coaches such as Ted Williams and Frank Robinson. They were nearing the end of their careers so they didn't play as frequently.
I know there have been a few player/coaches such as Ted Williams and Frank Robinson. They were nearing the end of their careers so they didn't play as frequently.	Oh yeah, I didn't know that, interesting. I have learned recently a man found 3 million in old baseball cards in his grandfathers attic, that makes me wanna go clean attics.
Oh yeah, I didn't know that, interesting. I have learned recently a man found 3 million in old baseball cards in his grandfathers attic, that makes me wanna go clean attics.	That's pretty crazy, my dad found his original Hot Wheels cars cleaning out my grandmother's house. Unfortunately he had really banged them up when he was a kid!
That's pretty crazy, my dad found his original Hot Wheels cars cleaning out my grandmother's house. Unfortunately he had really banged them up when he was a kid!	Awwww, that is a neat memory though how cool! Too bad one wasnt in mint condition.lol
Awwww, that is a neat memory though how cool! Too bad one wasnt in mint condition.lol	I know, it was also too bad he found them after I grew out of playing with my Hot Wheels, they could have been part of my collection.
I know, it was also too bad he found them after I grew out of playing with my Hot Wheels, they could have been part of my collection.	Yeah, man that would have been nice. I was playing basketball recently and also learned that the Supreme Court has a court on the top of their building called the Highest court in the land, a funny basketball pun,lol.
Yeah, man that would have been nice. I was playing basketball recently and also learned that the Supreme Court has a court on the top of their building called the Highest court in the land, a funny basketball pun,lol.	That is a good one! I'd like to see the justices playing a pickup game after court.
That is a good one! I'd like to see the justices playing a pickup game after court.	Yeah, it might be pretty slow pick me up.lol The granny shots might start comin out.
Yeah, it might be pretty slow pick me up.lol The granny shots might start comin out.	I'd want to see some dunks haha. It would be a way more fun way to settle some of their cases when they disagree.
I'd want to see some dunks haha. It would be a way more fun way to settle some of their cases when they disagree.	Good idea, I vote for that solution! Kareem Jabbar was banned from his dunk shot because he dominated so badly in college.Or shoudl I say so well in college.
Good idea, I vote for that solution! Kareem Jabbar was banned from his dunk shot because he dominated so badly in college.Or shoudl I say so well in college.	That must be how he developed his famous skyhook! That shot was unstoppable unless you were Wilt Chamberlain. It was fun chatting basketball with you!
That must be how he developed his famous skyhook! That shot was unstoppable unless you were Wilt Chamberlain. It was fun chatting basketball with you!	I saw that Bryce Harper is inline to make a ton of money, almost getting close to Alex Rodriguez.
I saw that Bryce Harper is inline to make a ton of money, almost getting close to Alex Rodriguez.	Best news for him since those stupid "Make Baseball Fun Again" hats.
Best news for him since those stupid "Make Baseball Fun Again" hats.	I remember when A-Rod was signing up, he go almost over $275 million in one year. Unreal
I remember when A-Rod was signing up, he go almost over $275 million in one year. Unreal	And now he's made $440 million altogether - so far. I wonder what he does with the bulk of his wealth?
And now he's made $440 million altogether - so far. I wonder what he does with the bulk of his wealth?	I think some of these players spend a lot of their money relatively quickly. I'm not sure that Harper is worth it. I watch a lot of Nationals games.
I think some of these players spend a lot of their money relatively quickly. I'm not sure that Harper is worth it. I watch a lot of Nationals games.	How do you feel about Rendon getting let go from the team, then?
How do you feel about Rendon getting let go from the team, then?	The negotiation with him went on for a long time if I remember correctly.
The negotiation with him went on for a long time if I remember correctly.	I'm a huge Yankees fan myself. Didn't know that the stadium was apparently good for left-handed people.
I'm a huge Yankees fan myself. Didn't know that the stadium was apparently good for left-handed people.	I've heard that. I've also heard the same thing about Boston's stadium.
I've heard that. I've also heard the same thing about Boston's stadium.	Did A-Rod ever play for Boston? I forget...I know he bounced around earlier in his career,
Did A-Rod ever play for Boston? I forget...I know he bounced around earlier in his career,	I don't think he did to be honest. Harper had a terrible year last year, I think his average was around 250, which is really low.
I don't think he did to be honest. Harper had a terrible year last year, I think his average was around 250, which is really low.	Just like Washington Nationals fan to know that! Apparently, they (you) are very knowledgeable.
Just like Washington Nationals fan to know that! Apparently, they (you) are very knowledgeable.	I didn't know that in Japan baseball could potentially be more popular than in the US.
I didn't know that in Japan baseball could potentially be more popular than in the US.	I think they're the only nation that have better players than the U.S. Imagine if we had a real WORLD series?
I think they're the only nation that have better players than the U.S. Imagine if we had a real WORLD series?	That would be pretty interesting, also interesting is that managers of baseball teams can technically play for their team if the need arises.
That would be pretty interesting, also interesting is that managers of baseball teams can technically play for their team if the need arises.	I wonder if that's ever happened? Maybe when Sandy Koufax refused to pitch on Yom Kippur!
I wonder if that's ever happened? Maybe when Sandy Koufax refused to pitch on Yom Kippur!	That's a name I have not heard for a long time. I think he played for both NY and LA.
That's a name I have not heard for a long time. I think he played for both NY and LA.	Speaking of old players, if either of us had saved cards from back then (and been alive back then), we couldn't racked up 3 million dollars, like some guy did when he found a bunch of baseball cards from the early 20th century!
Speaking of old players, if either of us had saved cards from back then (and been alive back then), we couldn't racked up 3 million dollars, like some guy did when he found a bunch of baseball cards from the early 20th century!	Crazy, baseball cards hold there value for some of the really older ones. Nowadays, I'm not so sure though.
Crazy, baseball cards hold there value for some of the really older ones. Nowadays, I'm not so sure though.	I think rare Pokemon cards might be worth more in these days.
I think rare Pokemon cards might be worth more in these days.	That's probably true, they publish way too many baseball cards now.
That's probably true, they publish way too many baseball cards now.	Hi, do you like baseball?
Hi, do you like baseball?	I sure do. I think it is a great way to bring people together. It is weird though that in Canada soccer-baseball is the name for kickball.
I sure do. I think it is a great way to bring people together. It is weird though that in Canada soccer-baseball is the name for kickball.	That's so Canada... Imagine finding $3M in baseball cards!
That's so Canada... Imagine finding $3M in baseball cards!	I heard about that guy! They were in his grandfather's attic since the 1940's. I wonder if the grandfather knew and was leaving a surprise?
I heard about that guy! They were in his grandfather's attic since the 1940's. I wonder if the grandfather knew and was leaving a surprise?	What a great surprise! I would have liked to know while he was alive though so I could say thank you! Have you seen japanese baseball?
What a great surprise! I would have liked to know while he was alive though so I could say thank you! Have you seen japanese baseball?	I bet the grandson would have liked to see his grandfather come into that kind of cash. I have not seen Japanese baseball.
I bet the grandson would have liked to see his grandfather come into that kind of cash. I have not seen Japanese baseball.	It is crazy! A lot different than american baseball games. A lot of standing and cheering. More like college football than baseball.
It is crazy! A lot different than american baseball games. A lot of standing and cheering. More like college football than baseball.	That sounds really fun. I have heard that the Japanese fans sometimes are surprised that baseball is so popular in America.
That sounds really fun. I have heard that the Japanese fans sometimes are surprised that baseball is so popular in America.	Yes. I think that is because they see the difference and don't understnad the way we watch vs the way they experience.
Yes. I think that is because they see the difference and don't understnad the way we watch vs the way they experience.	I could understand that. Do you know why baseball managers wear team uniforms?
I could understand that. Do you know why baseball managers wear team uniforms?	I do not. Why?
I do not. Why?	They wear the team uniform so if the need arises for them to play for their team they can.
They wear the team uniform so if the need arises for them to play for their team they can.	HA! Can you imagine Joe Maddon picking up a bat and taking a few swings?
HA! Can you imagine Joe Maddon picking up a bat and taking a few swings?	No way! I can't imagine any manager getting in on the game. I'm surprised that MLB only used one married couple until 2005 to schedule all the games!
No way! I can't imagine any manager getting in on the game. I'm surprised that MLB only used one married couple until 2005 to schedule all the games!	How bad would you feel if you made a mistake? That would be stressful!
How bad would you feel if you made a mistake? That would be stressful!	Well, with them scheduling all 2430 MLB games I could see it happening!
Well, with them scheduling all 2430 MLB games I could see it happening!	Do you like any other sports?
Do you like any other sports?	I do. I like basketball and football.
I do. I like basketball and football.	Me too! I like college football and heard Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink. How strange!
Me too! I like college football and heard Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink. How strange!	I wonder if they do that because it's distracting? Did you know that an Emmy was given to ESPN?
I wonder if they do that because it's distracting? Did you know that an Emmy was given to ESPN?	For the yellow line? Nice chatting with you!
For the yellow line? Nice chatting with you!	Hi. Do you watch sports?
Hi. Do you watch sports?	Yeah. I like Boxing, Football, Baseball, and Hoops.
Yeah. I like Boxing, Football, Baseball, and Hoops.	I like football too. Although there are a lot of kinds of football, especially soccer, I enjoy American football.
I like football too. Although there are a lot of kinds of football, especially soccer, I enjoy American football.	Yeah. The patriots are a Phenom. Someone should try painting their locker room Pink
Yeah. The patriots are a Phenom. Someone should try painting their locker room Pink	Maybe that would jinx them! They have a former runningback who never fumbled once!
Maybe that would jinx them! They have a former runningback who never fumbled once!	But did he fumble twice? Either way, he probably made as much as a top bowler
But did he fumble twice? Either way, he probably made as much as a top bowler	In the 60
In the 60	60? I hear in 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college football or b-ball coauch
60? I hear in 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college football or b-ball coauch	Was going to say in the 60's, bowlers made more than football players! That's interesting. The slam dunk was banned from college basketball for a long time.
Was going to say in the 60's, bowlers made more than football players! That's interesting. The slam dunk was banned from college basketball for a long time.	Was that because of Wilt or Kareem?
Was that because of Wilt or Kareem?	Kareem! There is a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court. I wonder who uses it?
Kareem! There is a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court. I wonder who uses it?	Dunno...but that puts Roe v Wade in a different light. Was it Dwayne Wade? Maybe James Naismith knows
Dunno...but that puts Roe v Wade in a different light. Was it Dwayne Wade? Maybe James Naismith knows	He invented basketball, right?
He invented basketball, right?	Yeah.. then he lost it
Yeah.. then he lost it	I think he was the only losing coach at his university.
I think he was the only losing coach at his university.	Yep. Ironic. it's like 10,000 balls when all you need is a bat
Yep. Ironic. it's like 10,000 balls when all you need is a bat	Haha. Speaking of bats, baseball managers can play for their teams if they need to, that's why they wear uniforms.
Haha. Speaking of bats, baseball managers can play for their teams if they need to, that's why they wear uniforms.	That's big in Japan
That's big in Japan	Yeah, and in Canada, kickball is called soccer-baseball! Nice chatting with you!
Yeah, and in Canada, kickball is called soccer-baseball! Nice chatting with you!	Wonder what they call Polo? Hopefully they come up with better names for their teams than "tall blacks"
Wonder what they call Polo? Hopefully they come up with better names for their teams than "tall blacks"	Seriously! What is New Zealand thinking with that nickname?
Seriously! What is New Zealand thinking with that nickname?	I am ambivalent about pitch count limits in baseball. They were introduced 2 years ago. What do you think?
I am ambivalent about pitch count limits in baseball. They were introduced 2 years ago. What do you think?	I dont know muballch about baseball but from what I hear it has mixed results, some cons some pros
I dont know muballch about baseball but from what I hear it has mixed results, some cons some pros	Yes they are trying to help young players avoid injuries which is a good thing I would think. It helps their career in the long run.
Yes they are trying to help young players avoid injuries which is a good thing I would think. It helps their career in the long run.	Are you a fan of the game? I hear the game is really popular in Japan
Are you a fan of the game? I hear the game is really popular in Japan	Yes I really do love baseball. I wanted to be a shortstop growing up but I was not all that great. I could be a manager - theoretically that would actually let me play for a team
Yes I really do love baseball. I wanted to be a shortstop growing up but I was not all that great. I could be a manager - theoretically that would actually let me play for a team	I guess if every player gets injured is nice to know the manager can step in, a 17 year old female was banned from pro baseball after she struck out Ruth and Lou Gehrig
I guess if every player gets injured is nice to know the manager can step in, a 17 year old female was banned from pro baseball after she struck out Ruth and Lou Gehrig	wow! A girl struck them out? I had never heard that. She deserves her own baseball card - one lucky dude found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic!
wow! A girl struck them out? I had never heard that. She deserves her own baseball card - one lucky dude found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfathers attic!	She does indeed, and he did? 3 million dollars worth of cards!! that guy is really lucky, the odds are really slim
She does indeed, and he did? 3 million dollars worth of cards!! that guy is really lucky, the odds are really slim	Yes. That is like the salary of some of the pro football players for a year! Engineers still earn more though over a lifetime
Yes. That is like the salary of some of the pro football players for a year! Engineers still earn more though over a lifetime	Well they work for more years, pro players make a lot of money, its crazy how much football stadiums are worth
Well they work for more years, pro players make a lot of money, its crazy how much football stadiums are worth	yes for sure. I think its funny that teams like Iowa paint the opposing teams locker room pink
yes for sure. I think its funny that teams like Iowa paint the opposing teams locker room pink	Theres a stadium that cost $60 million to build and it was a high school stadium and that is funny, I wonder what opposing teams thing of that,
Theres a stadium that cost $60 million to build and it was a high school stadium and that is funny, I wonder what opposing teams thing of that,	Wow. That is crazy. And to think that in the 60's bowlers made more money than football stars. Times have definitely changed.
Wow. That is crazy. And to think that in the 60's bowlers made more money than football stars. Times have definitely changed.	They made more money? wow that is suprising I guess football wasnt a popular game back there or bowling lost its popularity
They made more money? wow that is suprising I guess football wasnt a popular game back there or bowling lost its popularity	Yes these days basketball is crazy popular too. Kareem Abdul Jabbar with his banned dunk shot probably helped it gain popularity
Yes these days basketball is crazy popular too. Kareem Abdul Jabbar with his banned dunk shot probably helped it gain popularity	The dunk shot is one of my favorite moves, that seems a bit unfair, ban a move like that one
The dunk shot is one of my favorite moves, that seems a bit unfair, ban a move like that one	Yeah. I am a fan of Wake Forest, my alma mater, but we suck. Unlike Kansas which has only had one losing coach in history.
Yeah. I am a fan of Wake Forest, my alma mater, but we suck. Unlike Kansas which has only had one losing coach in history.	It does? it sounds terrible to be remembered as the only losing coach in the history of Kansas,
It does? it sounds terrible to be remembered as the only losing coach in the history of Kansas,	Yes especially if you are the inventor of the sport!
Yes especially if you are the inventor of the sport!	He was the inventor of the sport! wow, seems like he forgot the rules of his own game lol
He was the inventor of the sport! wow, seems like he forgot the rules of his own game lol	Yes. I bet he was not paid that well - unlike these days where in 39 states a coach is the highest paid state employee.
Yes. I bet he was not paid that well - unlike these days where in 39 states a coach is the highest paid state employee.	Hi! Do you like fun trivia about sports?
Hi! Do you like fun trivia about sports?	I most certainly do. I see some info about pitch counts in high school basebal land remember having a pitch count in little league of like 40-50.
I most certainly do. I see some info about pitch counts in high school basebal land remember having a pitch count in little league of like 40-50.	Wow. Did you know that up until 2005 a married couple would schedule all 2430 major league baseball games?
Wow. Did you know that up until 2005 a married couple would schedule all 2430 major league baseball games?	They must be more organized than me! Imagine tryin gto schedule all the home and away games properly?
They must be more organized than me! Imagine tryin gto schedule all the home and away games properly?	I know! And without computers. Do you collect baseball cards? A man found $3 million worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic
I know! And without computers. Do you collect baseball cards? A man found $3 million worth of baseball cards in his grandfathers attic	I used to and hope to find a collection some day haha. I see that in Japan is so popular in Japan they think its crazy we have the game as our national past time.
I used to and hope to find a collection some day haha. I see that in Japan is so popular in Japan they think its crazy we have the game as our national past time.	Do you like other sports? In 39 out of 50 states basketball or football coaches are the highest state paid employees
Do you like other sports? In 39 out of 50 states basketball or football coaches are the highest state paid employees	Makes sense, In part because they are hired by colleges. I love hockey and football especially. You?
Makes sense, In part because they are hired by colleges. I love hockey and football especially. You?	I like hockey a lot too. I do not know much about football. I do know about the patriots and I found out one of their players has never fumbled in his entire career.
I like hockey a lot too. I do not know much about football. I do know about the patriots and I found out one of their players has never fumbled in his entire career.	Yes, his nicknae is the law firm because his nickname is so long!
Yes, his nicknae is the law firm because his nickname is so long!	Wow! It is a really long name. I saw Benjarvus Green-Ellis. I wonder if its missing a few more names
Wow! It is a really long name. I saw Benjarvus Green-Ellis. I wonder if its missing a few more names	I hope not! Apparently the US Supreme court building has a basketball court.
I hope not! Apparently the US Supreme court building has a basketball court.	Haha. I wonder if anyone uses it?
Haha. I wonder if anyone uses it?	maybe kids or clerks? Most justices are likely too old to play well.
maybe kids or clerks? Most justices are likely too old to play well.	It is amazing how much money sports players get paid. Funny that in the 60s bowlers got paid more than football stars in Iowa
It is amazing how much money sports players get paid. Funny that in the 60s bowlers got paid more than football stars in Iowa	Bowling was pretty big back then. Most al lsports contracts are crazy, but they are the best athletes.
Bowling was pretty big back then. Most al lsports contracts are crazy, but they are the best athletes.	The highest football score looks like a bowling score 222-0 Groerogia Tech defeated Cumberland
The highest football score looks like a bowling score 222-0 Groerogia Tech defeated Cumberland	I cant imagine how the losing team felt lol
I cant imagine how the losing team felt lol	Well they made history either way. Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot of new fun things.
Well they made history either way. Thanks for chatting, I learned a lot of new fun things.	ME too! I think you have to end it
ME too! I think you have to end it	Yes. Well have a great day and keep enjoying sports
Yes. Well have a great day and keep enjoying sports	Wi ll do!
Wi ll do!	Good evening! Watch any good TV this weekend?
Good evening! Watch any good TV this weekend?	Good evening. I'm alternating between The Handmaid's Tale and The Simpsons. Oddly, there is only one where Bart isn't in it. I have yet to see it.
Good evening. I'm alternating between The Handmaid's Tale and The Simpsons. Oddly, there is only one where Bart isn't in it. I have yet to see it.	That's interesting. Did you know that The Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of South Park when they aired their episode that made fun of Family Guy? They definitely deserve credit for drawing attention to what a ridiculous show that is.
That's interesting. Did you know that The Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of South Park when they aired their episode that made fun of Family Guy? They definitely deserve credit for drawing attention to what a ridiculous show that is.	I did not, nor have I ever seen an episode of South Park. I have seen almost all of the Thomas the Tank Engine, George Carlin is my favorite narrator.
I did not, nor have I ever seen an episode of South Park. I have seen almost all of the Thomas the Tank Engine, George Carlin is my favorite narrator.	Is that so? It's ironic that a comic like that would narrate a children's show. Did you know that other unlikely voice actors like Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin have also narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each?
Is that so? It's ironic that a comic like that would narrate a children's show. Did you know that other unlikely voice actors like Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin have also narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each?	I did. Alec Baldwin even played in one of the movies. I recently learned that the three horizontal line menu on apps is called a hamburger button. That's hilarious, and they should resemble hamburgers.
I did. Alec Baldwin even played in one of the movies. I recently learned that the three horizontal line menu on apps is called a hamburger button. That's hilarious, and they should resemble hamburgers.	I guess the UX designers have a sense of humor when coming up with software! Imagine how people in other countries would interpret a hamburger; did you know that there's even internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest?
I guess the UX designers have a sense of humor when coming up with software! Imagine how people in other countries would interpret a hamburger; did you know that there's even internet capabilities at the peak of Mt. Everest?	And I can't even get wifi in my barn. It's interesting that the Library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet, in case of emergencies.
And I can't even get wifi in my barn. It's interesting that the Library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the internet, in case of emergencies.	Yes, it is; the internet is a fragile thing. The cables carrying phone and internet data across the ocean are only 2.7" thick and just lie on the ocean floor!
Yes, it is; the internet is a fragile thing. The cables carrying phone and internet data across the ocean are only 2.7" thick and just lie on the ocean floor!	That's insane. It's interesting that people can develop an addiction from clicking links on the internet.
That's insane. It's interesting that people can develop an addiction from clicking links on the internet.	Indeed; people definitely spend too much time bouncing around the internet these days, although I guess that's to be expected when an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
Indeed; people definitely spend too much time bouncing around the internet these days, although I guess that's to be expected when an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Yep. And yet, people don't even take the time to read the TOS when they are buying something.
Yep. And yet, people don't even take the time to read the TOS when they are buying something.	It's like reading a phone book! I heard it's impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages are simply overlapped together, isn't that funny?
It's like reading a phone book! I heard it's impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages are simply overlapped together, isn't that funny?	It is, though I am tempted to try it. I would like to find more out about Unicef's water program, for not using your phone. They donate a day of clean water, for each minute.
It is, though I am tempted to try it. I would like to find more out about Unicef's water program, for not using your phone. They donate a day of clean water, for each minute.	I wonder how they calculate that. Did you know that NYC's original area code is (212) because they determined it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
I wonder how they calculate that. Did you know that NYC's original area code is (212) because they determined it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?	Probably the same way they do add programs, or an app. That is interesting. I love That 70's show, and was surprised to find out there is a version in the UK.
Probably the same way they do add programs, or an app. That is interesting. I love That 70's show, and was surprised to find out there is a version in the UK.	I never got into it; it doesn't surprise me that the UK version only lasted 10 episodes, probably due to the cultural differences. That's nothing compared to a show like Pokemon, of which there are 750 episodes and just gets redubbed.
I never got into it; it doesn't surprise me that the UK version only lasted 10 episodes, probably due to the cultural differences. That's nothing compared to a show like Pokemon, of which there are 750 episodes and just gets redubbed.	I've never seen Pokemon either. I was in an antique shop the other day, and saw a monochrome t.v. set. I would love to have one, to freak out my kids who have never seen a black and white t.v.
I've never seen Pokemon either. I was in an antique shop the other day, and saw a monochrome t.v. set. I would love to have one, to freak out my kids who have never seen a black and white t.v.	Pokemon definitely would not read well on a black and white TV because of how colorful it is, so I guess that demonstrates how far the medium has come.
Pokemon definitely would not read well on a black and white TV because of how colorful it is, so I guess that demonstrates how far the medium has come.	I do black and white photography, many things look so much better in monochrome, than color. Then again, all television is these days, is a mass medium for advertisement.
I do black and white photography, many things look so much better in monochrome, than color. Then again, all television is these days, is a mass medium for advertisement.	That's true, as is the internet, unfortunately. Nice chatting!
That's true, as is the internet, unfortunately. Nice chatting!	When students and parents visit college, the best way to do it for most is as an informal vacation type trip.
When students and parents visit college, the best way to do it for most is as an informal vacation type trip.	maybe, ive done that person. talking to the advisers i feel is one of the most imporant as well
maybe, ive done that person. talking to the advisers i feel is one of the most imporant as well	The best place for parents to do more intense college research is online, not forcing it into actual college visits. It could embarass kids.
The best place for parents to do more intense college research is online, not forcing it into actual college visits. It could embarass kids.	agreed. kids need to be the ones seeing it as a vacation.the best time would be in april. So much fun times then
agreed. kids need to be the ones seeing it as a vacation.the best time would be in april. So much fun times then	Different kids will find different traits about the colleges they use to select where they want to go.
Different kids will find different traits about the colleges they use to select where they want to go.	agreed. so much you can see from TV and even the internet. Which Ive always wondered how they even have working serive on campus. SO much internet happening during that time.
agreed. so much you can see from TV and even the internet. Which Ive always wondered how they even have working serive on campus. SO much internet happening during that time.	Speaking of which, there is some evidence the internet can be addictive and the effect in the brain is actually measurable.
Speaking of which, there is some evidence the internet can be addictive and the effect in the brain is actually measurable.	I think it is.so much onlline info and art that peple are obssesed with form history they want to stay in formed in.
I think it is.so much onlline info and art that peple are obssesed with form history they want to stay in formed in.	But the internet has spread everywhere, even Mt Everest has 3G service at the peak now.
But the internet has spread everywhere, even Mt Everest has 3G service at the peak now.	crazy to think of that. remember landlines? times were so different
crazy to think of that. remember landlines? times were so different	They were. And rotary phones were a thing. New York's area code was 212 since that was the fastest number that could be dialed on old rotary phones.
They were. And rotary phones were a thing. New York's area code was 212 since that was the fastest number that could be dialed on old rotary phones.	Crazy to think that all that lead to Iphones having more power the Nuclear icbm. wonder whats next
Crazy to think that all that lead to Iphones having more power the Nuclear icbm. wonder whats next	The fusion of phones to the internet is fascinating. I'm not sure what we'd do without the internet. There is even a back up copy of the internet saved in case it burns down.
The fusion of phones to the internet is fascinating. I'm not sure what we'd do without the internet. There is even a back up copy of the internet saved in case it burns down.	what that's crazy to learn. things got really creative and innovative after WW2. All started with the TV I think
what that's crazy to learn. things got really creative and innovative after WW2. All started with the TV I think	Television and it's evolution of the shows is neat. Especially some of the animated shows. There are quite a few and many have run a very long time. Pokemon has over 750 episodes.
Television and it's evolution of the shows is neat. Especially some of the animated shows. There are quite a few and many have run a very long time. Pokemon has over 750 episodes.	wow! makes me think of how long shows like family guy and south park have been on. SO many years
wow! makes me think of how long shows like family guy and south park have been on. SO many years	A long time. When South Park aired it's family guy episode finale, the Simpsons crew sent the producers flowers.
A long time. When South Park aired it's family guy episode finale, the Simpsons crew sent the producers flowers.	so nice to hear. makes me think about Dawsons creek. wonder if they did that. Wonder if they visited college before filming too
so nice to hear. makes me think about Dawsons creek. wonder if they did that. Wonder if they visited college before filming too	I'm not sure. There was so many episodes of the Simpsons. In all that time there is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
I'm not sure. There was so many episodes of the Simpsons. In all that time there is only one episode where Bart doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.	hahah really very interesting to learn. these kinds of facts are what the kids love and need the internet forever for
hahah really very interesting to learn. these kinds of facts are what the kids love and need the internet forever for	Well, tell them to read the terms when they buy a product or service on the internet, only 7% of people do.
Well, tell them to read the terms when they buy a product or service on the internet, only 7% of people do.	so will
so will	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	hey I'm good, did you now that kim jong-un has a degree in physics? like that is silly
hey I'm good, did you now that kim jong-un has a degree in physics? like that is silly	I mean it does make sense. If you are his professor, are you going to fail him? I would just pass him and make it the next guys problem.
I mean it does make sense. If you are his professor, are you going to fail him? I would just pass him and make it the next guys problem.	haha yup exactly, it's crazy how much time PIxar spent studying physics though, 3 years to model hair for the movie Brave
haha yup exactly, it's crazy how much time PIxar spent studying physics though, 3 years to model hair for the movie Brave	They did do a great job with it though. Have you seen that movie?
They did do a great job with it though. Have you seen that movie?	no I haven't, I did see the Incredibles 2 though and that was Ok, have you seen Brave?
no I haven't, I did see the Incredibles 2 though and that was Ok, have you seen Brave?	I have. There is a scene where she flicks her hair back and it is so detailed that I understnad the time they took on it. It's crazy good!
I have. There is a scene where she flicks her hair back and it is so detailed that I understnad the time they took on it. It's crazy good!	oh ok i'll have to check it out, somehow scientists say that the earth could have come from nothing without violating teh laws of physics, how is that possible? haha
oh ok i'll have to check it out, somehow scientists say that the earth could have come from nothing without violating teh laws of physics, how is that possible? haha	I am not sure but that sounds really sketchy...
I am not sure but that sounds really sketchy...	ya someone was being weird when they made taht up I think haha, also there is some chinese dye that could lead to a breakthrough in quantum physics, I'd like to know how that is possible too
ya someone was being weird when they made taht up I think haha, also there is some chinese dye that could lead to a breakthrough in quantum physics, I'd like to know how that is possible too	Yeah, most dyes just cause cancer but this one could be a breakthrough in quantum physics? Did Sheldon Cooper create this dye?
Yeah, most dyes just cause cancer but this one could be a breakthrough in quantum physics? Did Sheldon Cooper create this dye?	haah thats a good question, did you ever watch pokemon as a kid? I did but there are like 800 episodes now I'd never catch up!
haah thats a good question, did you ever watch pokemon as a kid? I did but there are like 800 episodes now I'd never catch up!	I did not watch it as a kid but my son does and I have probably see all of them by proxy.
I did not watch it as a kid but my son does and I have probably see all of them by proxy.	haha, did your son ever watch Thomas the Train? I guess alec baldwin, ringo, and george carlin all did the narrators voice in that show
haha, did your son ever watch Thomas the Train? I guess alec baldwin, ringo, and george carlin all did the narrators voice in that show	No, he never watched that but he had some book of his. It's crazy that show got that level of talent. do they pay well?
No, he never watched that but he had some book of his. It's crazy that show got that level of talent. do they pay well?	haha thats a good question, I jsut wish it were for adults, george carlin is known for his adult humor so it'd be funny to hear him making jokes on that show!
haha thats a good question, I jsut wish it were for adults, george carlin is known for his adult humor so it'd be funny to hear him making jokes on that show!	I never really got into carlin and I feel like I really missed out. I need to go back and search for him on Netflix.
I never really got into carlin and I feel like I really missed out. I need to go back and search for him on Netflix.	ya he is awesome, did you ever watch thagt 70's show? Apparenlty they tried to remake it for the uk market
ya he is awesome, did you ever watch thagt 70's show? Apparenlty they tried to remake it for the uk market	How did it do in the UK?
How did it do in the UK?	haha well not very good they cancelled it after 10 episodes haha
haha well not very good they cancelled it after 10 episodes haha	Oh boy!!!! Nice chatting with you!
Oh boy!!!! Nice chatting with you!	Hello. Do you still watch much TV? I still watch the animations on television like South Park and The Simpsons.
Hello. Do you still watch much TV? I still watch the animations on television like South Park and The Simpsons.	I watch some television, but have been working on college visits lately.
I watch some television, but have been working on college visits lately.	Cool. Well, there's a lot going on in television. We even have 3D TVs now. Did you know that there's only one episode on the Simpsons were Bart neither appears not is mentioned?
Cool. Well, there's a lot going on in television. We even have 3D TVs now. Did you know that there's only one episode on the Simpsons were Bart neither appears not is mentioned?	That is interesting. I did hear that the Simpsons producers once sent flowers to the South Park guys.
That is interesting. I did hear that the Simpsons producers once sent flowers to the South Park guys.	Yes, after their Family Guy episode finale.
Yes, after their Family Guy episode finale.	I wonder if anybody ever sent the That 70s show producers flowers.
I wonder if anybody ever sent the That 70s show producers flowers.	No, but they had a big flop in the UK. They called their show "Days Like These" and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
No, but they had a big flop in the UK. They called their show "Days Like These" and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.	A big Difference from Pokemon, which ran over 750 episodes!
A big Difference from Pokemon, which ran over 750 episodes!	Yeah, do you know a lot about telephones? Did you know that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent?
Yeah, do you know a lot about telephones? Did you know that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent?	I know a little bit. I heard that New Yorks area code is 212 because of the days of rotary phones.
I know a little bit. I heard that New Yorks area code is 212 because of the days of rotary phones.	Did you know that its impossible to separate two phone books that simply have their pages overlapped together?
Did you know that its impossible to separate two phone books that simply have their pages overlapped together?	Cool. One reason to have paper phone books instead of using the Internet.
Cool. One reason to have paper phone books instead of using the Internet.	Yeah, did you know that the cables carrying phone and Internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter?
Yeah, did you know that the cables carrying phone and Internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter?	That is barely larger than the hamburger button on apps!
That is barely larger than the hamburger button on apps!	Yes, speaking of that, the 3 horizontal line menu on websites is called a hamburger button. I bet it was created on a Tuesday! lol
Yes, speaking of that, the 3 horizontal line menu on websites is called a hamburger button. I bet it was created on a Tuesday! lol	Perhaps so. I wonder if clicking links is as addictive as hamburgers?
Perhaps so. I wonder if clicking links is as addictive as hamburgers?	That could be if your name is Whimpy, lol. Did you know that there's 3G cell service and Internet capabilites at the peak of Mt. Everest?
That could be if your name is Whimpy, lol. Did you know that there's 3G cell service and Internet capabilites at the peak of Mt. Everest?	I heard about that. Can you imagine using electronic mail from such altitude?
I heard about that. Can you imagine using electronic mail from such altitude?	Yes, if it auto-corrected, your fingers would be too cold to fix it, lol.
Yes, if it auto-corrected, your fingers would be too cold to fix it, lol.	Good thing the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the Internet!
Good thing the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of the Internet!	Yes, better safe than sorry, Nice chat.
Yes, better safe than sorry, Nice chat.	Did You know that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl ?
Did You know that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl ?	Yeah! Cool! The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
Yeah! Cool! The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.	Well to be honest, I don't see why would there be rules forbidding women... they could have skills as well ;)
Well to be honest, I don't see why would there be rules forbidding women... they could have skills as well ;)	yeah, I guess I havent heard of it, so its definitely interesting to me.
yeah, I guess I havent heard of it, so its definitely interesting to me.	Maybe they would not be as strong, but who knows - maybe they could be as quick as men ?
Maybe they would not be as strong, but who knows - maybe they could be as quick as men ?	For sure. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
For sure. An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay	umm ... what ? what does it mean ? The matches must be longer than that...
umm ... what ? what does it mean ? The matches must be longer than that...	about 3 -4 hours of game time, but the clock is only 11 min, I think
about 3 -4 hours of game time, but the clock is only 11 min, I think	I'm really confused... I don't watch nfl
I'm really confused... I don't watch nfl	lol, they stop the clock after the players run the ball. and restart it again when the ball is in play. They huddle and stuff in between.
lol, they stop the clock after the players run the ball. and restart it again when the ball is in play. They huddle and stuff in between.	ohh, that's what You mean... I'm from Europe so I watch more soccer ;)
ohh, that's what You mean... I'm from Europe so I watch more soccer ;)	Oh I see. I dont know anything about soccer except that when they say "goooooooaaaaallllllll" its good to start cheering .
Oh I see. I dont know anything about soccer except that when they say "goooooooaaaaallllllll" its good to start cheering .	lol:) that's mostly done by Spanish commentators ;) I'm from Poland but sure... goal is a time of celebration as there is not many of those in a game :)
lol:) that's mostly done by Spanish commentators ;) I'm from Poland but sure... goal is a time of celebration as there is not many of those in a game :)	haha ok. at least im not totally doing it wrong.
haha ok. at least im not totally doing it wrong.	...but to me a really exciting game is when there is no goals at all - that means both teams have very good defensive skills and it makes the match very exciting... that one goal could change everything... ;)
...but to me a really exciting game is when there is no goals at all - that means both teams have very good defensive skills and it makes the match very exciting... that one goal could change everything... ;)	Nice, kinda like hockey! Did u know Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Nice, kinda like hockey! Did u know Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.	That data is for coaching ? Not sure how would they use it...
That data is for coaching ? Not sure how would they use it...	Im sure it is. Also, probably stats.
Im sure it is. Also, probably stats.	ahhh, interesting... maybe I'll start watching it :)
ahhh, interesting... maybe I'll start watching it :)	its pretty boring. lol. a lot of waiting around, and way too many penalties. If u go to an actual football game much more exciting.
its pretty boring. lol. a lot of waiting around, and way too many penalties. If u go to an actual football game much more exciting.	Ok :) thanks for the warning ! :) Thank You so much for chatting - it was a pleasure !
Ok :) thanks for the warning ! :) Thank You so much for chatting - it was a pleasure !	have a good one!
have a good one!	do you like the nfl?
do you like the nfl?	I sure do. do you know women can play too?
I sure do. do you know women can play too?	yes since there is not rule that is written against that
yes since there is not rule that is written against that	Yes as long as they qualify , they can play
Yes as long as they qualify , they can play	Yeah. Did you know the average gameplay is only 11 minutes
Yeah. Did you know the average gameplay is only 11 minutes	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end
Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours to an end	Yeah true. Did you know engineers make more than them over the lifetime?
Yeah true. Did you know engineers make more than them over the lifetime?	I guess they have longer careers so that makes sense
I guess they have longer careers so that makes sense	True. Did you hear of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
True. Did you hear of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes and worst, they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yes and worst, they have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yeah it is outdated and it needs to go by now
Yeah it is outdated and it needs to go by now	I agree. Did you hear they are placing chips on the players to track them?
I agree. Did you hear they are placing chips on the players to track them?	Yes they are looking for velocity and speed and other stuff
Yes they are looking for velocity and speed and other stuff	I hope they can use that to make the game safer too
I hope they can use that to make the game safer too	that is a great idea. Do you like Brady?
that is a great idea. Do you like Brady?	I like him . Did you know he was a backup QB in high school?
I like him . Did you know he was a backup QB in high school?	Yes and they never started him even during important games
Yes and they never started him even during important games	THey must still be regretting that to this day I bet
THey must still be regretting that to this day I bet	I bet so too. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
I bet so too. Do you know who Alex Smith is?	He is the QB that finished college in two years
He is the QB that finished college in two years	what a smart guy, really planned ahead
what a smart guy, really planned ahead	True and managed to have a degree and a career in the nfl
True and managed to have a degree and a career in the nfl	Hi, do you like football?
Hi, do you like football?	Yes. The NFL is a professional American football league consists of 32 team which divided equally between NFC and AFC.
Yes. The NFL is a professional American football league consists of 32 team which divided equally between NFC and AFC.	Dale Earnhardt seems to be a redskin fan. do you have a favorite team?
Dale Earnhardt seems to be a redskin fan. do you have a favorite team?	Los Angeles Rams is my favourite team.
Los Angeles Rams is my favourite team.	You had a good year last year. Earnhardt thinks fondly of his redskins but not recently.
You had a good year last year. Earnhardt thinks fondly of his redskins but not recently.	NFL regular season was from September to December, each team want to 16 games and advance t play-off.
NFL regular season was from September to December, each team want to 16 games and advance t play-off.	I bet earnhardt thinks back to 1992 fondly when the redskins won their first superbowl.
I bet earnhardt thinks back to 1992 fondly when the redskins won their first superbowl.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pad to record the movement of a players in the field to know the rotation, ball speed.
NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pad to record the movement of a players in the field to know the rotation, ball speed.	I like to eat chips! Especially doritos! At least earnhardt is optimistic about the future...
I like to eat chips! Especially doritos! At least earnhardt is optimistic about the future...	The team gets locker-room guys and character guys that are bringing the team together and feel as one family in this moment we surely lift the trophy in this season.
The team gets locker-room guys and character guys that are bringing the team together and feel as one family in this moment we surely lift the trophy in this season.	He's also excited about Alex Smith, their new qb from kc.
He's also excited about Alex Smith, their new qb from kc.	Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. All time record for wins by starting a quarterback in NCAA division.
Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL. All time record for wins by starting a quarterback in NCAA division.	I hope the redskins had a good year in 2018. I hope Dale had fun with it too!
I hope the redskins had a good year in 2018. I hope Dale had fun with it too!	Yes. All you wishes come true. Do you use library ?
Yes. All you wishes come true. Do you use library ?	I do use the library. You?
I do use the library. You?	Yes. Library is the collection of knowledge and updated technology is used today we are digital library.
Yes. Library is the collection of knowledge and updated technology is used today we are digital library.	Yes, I really enjoy using it. I think the library has grown to more than just books and digital items. I think it has become more of a central part of a community.
Yes, I really enjoy using it. I think the library has grown to more than just books and digital items. I think it has become more of a central part of a community.	It make the habit of reading and in ancient Greece also have a library.
It make the habit of reading and in ancient Greece also have a library.	I know a librarian and she cares more about the peopple in her library than just about anyone I know cates about things.
I know a librarian and she cares more about the peopple in her library than just about anyone I know cates about things.	Most of the US teenagers use the library very frequently. Library is also collection books range from singe to several books.
Most of the US teenagers use the library very frequently. Library is also collection books range from singe to several books.	Thanks for spending some time with me this morning. I hope you have a nice day!
Thanks for spending some time with me this morning. I hope you have a nice day!	Do you usually vote in elections?
Do you usually vote in elections?	Then he should leave Hollywood for his own good. It's a tough job, acting. You really have to be self-motivated.
Then he should leave Hollywood for his own good. It's a tough job, acting. You really have to be self-motivated.	Think that was something that was originally on the ballot, or a suggestion that everyone else went with?
Think that was something that was originally on the ballot, or a suggestion that everyone else went with?	Probably on the original ballot in Austin TX, hard to imagine a grass roots movement to write in Fred Durst name for a garbage dump
Probably on the original ballot in Austin TX, hard to imagine a grass roots movement to write in Fred Durst name for a garbage dump	True. I don't like waiting in line, so it would be nice to get to vote from space like the astronauts do
True. I don't like waiting in line, so it would be nice to get to vote from space like the astronauts do	Yea I prefer that than using a polling booth in a forest full of lions like in India
Yea I prefer that than using a polling booth in a forest full of lions like in India	I wonder how many of their citizens vote in their elections
I wonder how many of their citizens vote in their elections	I don't know, theres over a billion people in India but they must take voting seriously to put in a booth for a single voter
I don't know, theres over a billion people in India but they must take voting seriously to put in a booth for a single voter	That's true. I mean, even setting up the booth is dangerous for the government to do
That's true. I mean, even setting up the booth is dangerous for the government to do	Yea, I wonder if they try to suppress voting in India like they do in places like Alabama where 34% of Black males have lost the right to vote
Yea, I wonder if they try to suppress voting in India like they do in places like Alabama where 34% of Black males have lost the right to vote	That's a large percentage. I hope it's for a good reason and not prejudice
That's a large percentage. I hope it's for a good reason and not prejudice	I don't know, I wonder what was the reason all men in the UK couldn't vote until 1918
I don't know, I wonder what was the reason all men in the UK couldn't vote until 1918	There are many things in the UK that don't make sense. Then again, the US isn't that much better with some of how our laws used to be
There are many things in the UK that don't make sense. Then again, the US isn't that much better with some of how our laws used to be	Yea, it's weird how until 1805 the runner up in the election became Vice President and all of a sudden they stopped doing that
Yea, it's weird how until 1805 the runner up in the election became Vice President and all of a sudden they stopped doing that	It likely changed when the different political parties began forming. It might be better that the law has changed about that
It likely changed when the different political parties began forming. It might be better that the law has changed about that	Maybe, I know Washington didn't have a party, he was also one of the wealthiest presidents along with Jefferson and JFK
Maybe, I know Washington didn't have a party, he was also one of the wealthiest presidents along with Jefferson and JFK	Of course Kennedy would be the only recent one to make it in the top 3. Trump likely wishes he could accumulate that kind of wealth
Of course Kennedy would be the only recent one to make it in the top 3. Trump likely wishes he could accumulate that kind of wealth	Trump probably wishes he could also release 3 pop albums like the president of Indonesia
Trump probably wishes he could also release 3 pop albums like the president of Indonesia	It probably couldn't hurt his campaign for re-election if he wrote a catchy pop single. I wonder if it helped that President
It probably couldn't hurt his campaign for re-election if he wrote a catchy pop single. I wonder if it helped that President	It must of because he released 3 in total, unless the president of Indonesia was a dictator and forced people to buy the albums
It must of because he released 3 in total, unless the president of Indonesia was a dictator and forced people to buy the albums	Most Presidents are in a republican type government, so I don't think that's the case
Most Presidents are in a republican type government, so I don't think that's the case	Democrats and Republicans and all the controversy, what are your thoughts?
Democrats and Republicans and all the controversy, what are your thoughts?	I think it's all pretty silly, but we have a civic duty to vote to get our thoughts heard. Like in Austin, when they voted to change the name of the dump to Fred Durst.
I think it's all pretty silly, but we have a civic duty to vote to get our thoughts heard. Like in Austin, when they voted to change the name of the dump to Fred Durst.	That sounds messed up lol, they must hate Fred Durst, Astronauts can vote from space!
That sounds messed up lol, they must hate Fred Durst, Astronauts can vote from space!	Just shows how important voting is, I guess! Apparently, the Indian government will set up a polling booth in a lion-filled forest for a single voter.
Just shows how important voting is, I guess! Apparently, the Indian government will set up a polling booth in a lion-filled forest for a single voter.	Seems like a lot of trouble for just one man, 34% of the black males in Alabama lost their right to vote permanently
Seems like a lot of trouble for just one man, 34% of the black males in Alabama lost their right to vote permanently	That's terrible. I wonder why. That's hardly even considered a democracy.
That's terrible. I wonder why. That's hardly even considered a democracy.	I agree they should have the right to vote, 34% is a significant number that can alter an election
I agree they should have the right to vote, 34% is a significant number that can alter an election	Definitely. I mean, the government is far from perfect. In the beginning, the US Vice President was the runner up to the President. Can you imagine how dysfunctional that would be?
Definitely. I mean, the government is far from perfect. In the beginning, the US Vice President was the runner up to the President. Can you imagine how dysfunctional that would be?	Really dysfunctional, there would be a lot of problems in office or maybe it can bring the parties together
Really dysfunctional, there would be a lot of problems in office or maybe it can bring the parties together	Yeah, could you imagine a President Hillary and a Vice President Trump? Since she technically won the popular vote, I mean.
Yeah, could you imagine a President Hillary and a Vice President Trump? Since she technically won the popular vote, I mean.	That would be a chaos, did you hear about the president that released 3 pop albums while in office
That would be a chaos, did you hear about the president that released 3 pop albums while in office	Yeah, talk about a fun party! I wonder if I made a little radio out of a blade and pencil like the soldiers in WW2 used to, if I could listen to his albums?
Yeah, talk about a fun party! I wonder if I made a little radio out of a blade and pencil like the soldiers in WW2 used to, if I could listen to his albums?	I dont think so, you might find his greatest hits online but I doubt they are on the radio, but who knows, if soldiers could make radios like that anything is possible
I dont think so, you might find his greatest hits online but I doubt they are on the radio, but who knows, if soldiers could make radios like that anything is possible	Yeah, there's a lot of things like that you can get for free online. I think there's one where you can stream a bunch of old radio dramas.
Yeah, there's a lot of things like that you can get for free online. I think there's one where you can stream a bunch of old radio dramas.	That sounds like a site I would like, did you know that some of the storms of Jupiter are so strong they can be picked up by a radio!
That sounds like a site I would like, did you know that some of the storms of Jupiter are so strong they can be picked up by a radio!	I don't know if that says more about how strong the storms are on Jupiter, or how crazy radio technology is!
I don't know if that says more about how strong the storms are on Jupiter, or how crazy radio technology is!	I think a bit of both, there is also a radio station that broadcasts news in latin,
I think a bit of both, there is also a radio station that broadcasts news in latin,	I think I've heard about that. It's from Finland? They've apparently been doing it since 1989.
I think I've heard about that. It's from Finland? They've apparently been doing it since 1989.	Yeah thats right, its seems like a boring segment but I guess it has a group of fans after all its been around almost 30 years
Yeah thats right, its seems like a boring segment but I guess it has a group of fans after all its been around almost 30 years	Yeah. I guess there's a fan of everything. In Canada, it's a law that almost half of the music on the radio played has to be Canadian. Talk about pride.
Yeah. I guess there's a fan of everything. In Canada, it's a law that almost half of the music on the radio played has to be Canadian. Talk about pride.	I think thats a great law that promotes local talent, Canada has good artists, Drake, Bieber.
I think thats a great law that promotes local talent, Canada has good artists, Drake, Bieber.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am okay. Do you know much about presidents?
I am okay. Do you know much about presidents?	I do not. Do you know a lot about presidents/
I do not. Do you know a lot about presidents/	I have some knowledge. I know that the only president to earn a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.
I have some knowledge. I know that the only president to earn a PHD was Woodrow Wilson.	Wow! The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
Wow! The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson	I suppose that is not all that surprising. Apparently Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth (his later assassin) is in the photo! How strange.
I suppose that is not all that surprising. Apparently Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and John Wilkes Booth (his later assassin) is in the photo! How strange.	Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter.
Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter.	WOW! That seems accommodating but also dangerous. Apparently only five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. It's crazy that two of those have happened in my lifetime.
WOW! That seems accommodating but also dangerous. Apparently only five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. It's crazy that two of those have happened in my lifetime.	Wow. How old are you (if that's too personal, sorry...) Citizens of austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst
Wow. How old are you (if that's too personal, sorry...) Citizens of austin tx voted to rename their garbage dump after fred durst	I'm 37. The Fred Durst fact is hilarious!
I'm 37. The Fred Durst fact is hilarious!	Wait... Im older than you! Besides Trump, who was the other?
Wait... Im older than you! Besides Trump, who was the other?	Bush Jr. He lost the popular vote to Gore in 2000.
Bush Jr. He lost the popular vote to Gore in 2000.	Really??? I did not know that. I thought it all came down to FL and he won... Public education...
Really??? I did not know that. I thought it all came down to FL and he won... Public education...	Ha ha. Nope. Bush got 50,456,002, Gore 0,999,897.
Ha ha. Nope. Bush got 50,456,002, Gore 0,999,897.	Wow. Now I feel like fake news got me. Just kidding, i do not believe in fake news...Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
Wow. Now I feel like fake news got me. Just kidding, i do not believe in fake news...Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.	Well Florida was an issue for the electoral college so it was important. That's why they had to recount. I did not know that about Jupiter. Speaking of radio, there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.
Well Florida was an issue for the electoral college so it was important. That's why they had to recount. I did not know that about Jupiter. Speaking of radio, there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.	According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.	What a strange rule. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show. I wonder how much popularity he had at that time?
What a strange rule. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show. I wonder how much popularity he had at that time?	Not sure but i would giggle the whole time because i would think caddy shack...
Not sure but i would giggle the whole time because i would think caddy shack...	That makes sense. He's made so many funny movies. I'm a big fan. It's estimated that bing crosby recordings filled more than half of the radio time allocated to recorded music in 1948. I can't believe any one person dominated to that extent.
That makes sense. He's made so many funny movies. I'm a big fan. It's estimated that bing crosby recordings filled more than half of the radio time allocated to recorded music in 1948. I can't believe any one person dominated to that extent.	nice chatting with you.
nice chatting with you.	I did not realize that JFK was a wealthier president than Washington.
I did not realize that JFK was a wealthier president than Washington.	JFK was loaded, I didnt realize Washington was rich lol
JFK was loaded, I didnt realize Washington was rich lol	Yes there have been a lot of unique presidents in history - Zimbabwe's president banana was a fun one
Yes there have been a lot of unique presidents in history - Zimbabwe's president banana was a fun one	That name is really fun, is that really his name?
That name is really fun, is that really his name?	I believe so! I wonder what Trump thinks with the presidents guest house being bigger than the White House?
I believe so! I wonder what Trump thinks with the presidents guest house being bigger than the White House?	I think the guest house is actually Trumps, not owned by the goverment,
I think the guest house is actually Trumps, not owned by the goverment,	What would be really interesting is that until 1805 the second place in the election became vice president. A Trump Hillary combo? Yowsa!
What would be really interesting is that until 1805 the second place in the election became vice president. A Trump Hillary combo? Yowsa!	That would be terrible, I don't like that combination, do you know that even astronauts can vote!
That would be terrible, I don't like that combination, do you know that even astronauts can vote!	Yes! Easier to vote in space though than in India where one polling place was in a forest full of lions!
Yes! Easier to vote in space though than in India where one polling place was in a forest full of lions!	They did? I guess they really value voting rights in India, it must be a mandatory thing
They did? I guess they really value voting rights in India, it must be a mandatory thing	Maybe so - unlike other countries - not all men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918
Maybe so - unlike other countries - not all men in the UK had the right to vote until 1918	They didnt? I wonde why, 34% of the black male population in Alabama lost their rights to vote
They didnt? I wonde why, 34% of the black male population in Alabama lost their rights to vote	There is a lot of voter discrimination in this country. Thats why the dump in austin is named after somebody.
There is a lot of voter discrimination in this country. Thats why the dump in austin is named after somebody.	That is really messed up, I wouldnt like a dump to be named after me, they must have something against Fred Durst
That is really messed up, I wouldnt like a dump to be named after me, they must have something against Fred Durst	Yes. Maybe they were listening to the radio too much - there is one station in Finland who does the news in Latin
Yes. Maybe they were listening to the radio too much - there is one station in Finland who does the news in Latin	Yeah that was back in 1989, sounds boring to me, but thats because I dont understand a word of latin
Yeah that was back in 1989, sounds boring to me, but thats because I dont understand a word of latin	Its gotta be better than listening to radio storms from Jupiter!
Its gotta be better than listening to radio storms from Jupiter!	Storms from Jupiter actually sound pretty fun, it would be interesting at least
Storms from Jupiter actually sound pretty fun, it would be interesting at least	Maybe so - the reception is probably as good as the radios the soldiers in ww II had - made with a razor blade and a pencil
Maybe so - the reception is probably as good as the radios the soldiers in ww II had - made with a razor blade and a pencil	I guess that skilled saved more than one life, knowing how to make a radio out of those materials sounds like a great skill if you are at war
I guess that skilled saved more than one life, knowing how to make a radio out of those materials sounds like a great skill if you are at war	for sure. Its very challenging!
for sure. Its very challenging!	Hello, do you know much about the presidents?
Hello, do you know much about the presidents?	I think I'm well versed lol Which has been your favorite president so far?
I think I'm well versed lol Which has been your favorite president so far?	Nice, hmm I am not sure which has been my favorite but do you know who the three wealthiest ones have been
Nice, hmm I am not sure which has been my favorite but do you know who the three wealthiest ones have been	Nope I actually have no idea, which ones are they?
Nope I actually have no idea, which ones are they?	It is Jefferson, JKF and Washington
It is Jefferson, JKF and Washington	I would have expected Washington since he was very knowledgeable. Do you know which president served the shortest term.
I would have expected Washington since he was very knowledgeable. Do you know which president served the shortest term.	Hmm I have no idea actually, who was it?
Hmm I have no idea actually, who was it?	President Willaim Henry Harrison he only served 32 days. Do you know which president happened to also be an actor previously
President Willaim Henry Harrison he only served 32 days. Do you know which president happened to also be an actor previously	THat is so short. I do not know that either but I heard that the president of Indonesia is a pop star
THat is so short. I do not know that either but I heard that the president of Indonesia is a pop star	It was ronald reagan he was an actor previously. Do you know what the president of indonesias name is?
It was ronald reagan he was an actor previously. Do you know what the president of indonesias name is?	I do not know his name actually but I know that he has already released 3 albums, I wonder how good he is
I do not know his name actually but I know that he has already released 3 albums, I wonder how good he is	His name was Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono I think it had to be pretty good music if he chose not to quit after the first album lol. Do you know what was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe
His name was Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono I think it had to be pretty good music if he chose not to quit after the first album lol. Do you know what was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe	If I am not mistake it was President Banana, I wonder if that means something else in their language
If I am not mistake it was President Banana, I wonder if that means something else in their language	I think it was just his last name. Do you know the name of the presidents guest house?
I think it was just his last name. Do you know the name of the presidents guest house?	I do not know the name but I know that it is larger than the white house itself.
I do not know the name but I know that it is larger than the white house itself.	Its called the Blair house, its so big since its composed of 4 seperate buldings.
Its called the Blair house, its so big since its composed of 4 seperate buldings.	Wow I can see why then. DO you know how the V used to be elected before 1805?
Wow I can see why then. DO you know how the V used to be elected before 1805?	Nope actually i don't know the vice president process from back then what was it?
Nope actually i don't know the vice president process from back then what was it?	Well the runner up was bumped to VP so either way they won something
Well the runner up was bumped to VP so either way they won something	That actually makes things more fair because the best 2 candidates end up winning regardless
That actually makes things more fair because the best 2 candidates end up winning regardless	I think so too, the runner up puts a lot of work into it too
I think so too, the runner up puts a lot of work into it too	Did you know the president of indonesia released 3 albums while in office?
Did you know the president of indonesia released 3 albums while in office?	yes, i did. i have not heard the albums. i expect them to be pretty good. after all, he is president.
yes, i did. i have not heard the albums. i expect them to be pretty good. after all, he is president.	Yeah, I wonder where he finds the time?
Yeah, I wonder where he finds the time?	He has a shadow govt to run most things for him. he needs to focus on that pop career. real world leaders know the value of celebrity.
He has a shadow govt to run most things for him. he needs to focus on that pop career. real world leaders know the value of celebrity.	Interesting, he has a shadow government?
Interesting, he has a shadow government?	Well, i figure to manage the time to get those pop albums out, he must do something like that. I certainly couldnt run a country myself and do the pop albums too.
Well, i figure to manage the time to get those pop albums out, he must do something like that. I certainly couldnt run a country myself and do the pop albums too.	Interesting, the albums probably aren't very good.
Interesting, the albums probably aren't very good.	I guess not. the man didnt get his position of power on his musical talent. What do you thnk of the president of zimbabwe?
I guess not. the man didnt get his position of power on his musical talent. What do you thnk of the president of zimbabwe?	I think his last name is Banana.
I think his last name is Banana.	That is an awesome moniker! the man must be a hero to his people. we should give trump a fruity nickname.
That is an awesome moniker! the man must be a hero to his people. we should give trump a fruity nickname.	I like trump.
I like trump.	Ok, what would be a good nickname for him then? He has not released pop albums. He is not the richest president.
Ok, what would be a good nickname for him then? He has not released pop albums. He is not the richest president.	I just call him the trumpster.
I just call him the trumpster.	That is a great nickname! Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. What nickname would we give hillary then?
That is a great nickname! Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. What nickname would we give hillary then?	Just clinton. it would make for good cable tv.
Just clinton. it would make for good cable tv.	yes, it would be a hoot. like some sort of psycho reality tv show. i would pay to watch.
yes, it would be a hoot. like some sort of psycho reality tv show. i would pay to watch.	Yeah, that would be pretty cool. What about the radio, do you ever listen?
Yeah, that would be pretty cool. What about the radio, do you ever listen?	i used to listen to the radio. not so much now. i use the computer mostly. You?
i used to listen to the radio. not so much now. i use the computer mostly. You?	Yeah, me too. I use Youtube a lot. Well, nice chatting with you.
Yeah, me too. I use Youtube a lot. Well, nice chatting with you.	Yes, it has been a great chat! Thank you very much. Have a good evening!
Yes, it has been a great chat! Thank you very much. Have a good evening!	You too, take it easy!
You too, take it easy!	Hello! Did you know that the top 3 presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I think Trump though is now on that list so it would be a top 4 list. lol
Hello! Did you know that the top 3 presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I think Trump though is now on that list so it would be a top 4 list. lol	Hi! No I was never aware of that!
Hi! No I was never aware of that!	Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?
Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?	I do happen to know that. The first president of Zimbabwe was called 'President banana.' It makes me wonder why they call this person that. Can you believe that at one point in time, the vice president was actually the runner up in an election?
I do happen to know that. The first president of Zimbabwe was called 'President banana.' It makes me wonder why they call this person that. Can you believe that at one point in time, the vice president was actually the runner up in an election?	hahahah Could you imagine that runner up situation happening now. Yikes!
hahahah Could you imagine that runner up situation happening now. Yikes!	There would be nothing but chaos! There would be little sense in voting!
There would be nothing but chaos! There would be little sense in voting!	Yes! I wouldn't want to have been in India where the Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter! I didn't think there were lions in India? I think there are tigers there.
Yes! I wouldn't want to have been in India where the Indian government sets up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for a single voter! I didn't think there were lions in India? I think there are tigers there.	Yeah I agree! I would love to know more about that...it seems like a movie plot haha. And yeah, I've always heard of tigers in India, not lions. What might be even crazier, is that astronauts can actually vote in outer space!!
Yeah I agree! I would love to know more about that...it seems like a movie plot haha. And yeah, I've always heard of tigers in India, not lions. What might be even crazier, is that astronauts can actually vote in outer space!!	That's cool they let them do that! Not all men in the UK had the vote until 1918. Maybe because the King and Queen still had the power to do what they wanted?
That's cool they let them do that! Not all men in the UK had the vote until 1918. Maybe because the King and Queen still had the power to do what they wanted?	Yeah possibly! That was barely 100 years ago, it's hard to believe there was a time when certain people couldn't vote. Did you know that in the state of alabama, 34 percent of black males have lost their right to vote?
Yeah possibly! That was barely 100 years ago, it's hard to believe there was a time when certain people couldn't vote. Did you know that in the state of alabama, 34 percent of black males have lost their right to vote?	I didn't know that. I wonder why? Citizens of Austin, TX voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst. That's funny!
I didn't know that. I wonder why? Citizens of Austin, TX voted to rename their garbage dump after Fred Durst. That's funny!	That's crazy!!! I can't believe that something like that was a big enough issue to actually call for a vote!
That's crazy!!! I can't believe that something like that was a big enough issue to actually call for a vote!	I know! I wonder how many people voted for the president of Indonesia. He released 3 pop albums while in office so he must have been already popular before he got elected.
I know! I wonder how many people voted for the president of Indonesia. He released 3 pop albums while in office so he must have been already popular before he got elected.	He must be very interesting haha. I can't imagine trump releasing an album lol. Speaking of music, did you know that in Canada, 40 percent of the music played on the radio must be canadian music?
He must be very interesting haha. I can't imagine trump releasing an album lol. Speaking of music, did you know that in Canada, 40 percent of the music played on the radio must be canadian music?	Haha ...and I didn't. That's kind of a neat idea. Gives Canadian musicians a good shot at being heard.
Haha ...and I didn't. That's kind of a neat idea. Gives Canadian musicians a good shot at being heard.	Yes it does! I'm curious as to the canadian songs that are played, I might have to look some up later to listen.
Yes it does! I'm curious as to the canadian songs that are played, I might have to look some up later to listen.	I actually used to listen to Canadian radio. I liked a lot of the rock bands I heard. I live in extreme North East Ohio just 5 minutes South of Lake Erie so for years in the 90s and 2000's I was able to pick up Canadian radio clear.
I actually used to listen to Canadian radio. I liked a lot of the rock bands I heard. I live in extreme North East Ohio just 5 minutes South of Lake Erie so for years in the 90s and 2000's I was able to pick up Canadian radio clear.	Oh that's really interesting! I'll definitely have to listen! Did you know that there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free?
Oh that's really interesting! I'll definitely have to listen! Did you know that there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free?	I didn't but I will look that up. I also wanted to listen to those shows just to see what they were like. Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio. How cool is that?
I didn't but I will look that up. I also wanted to listen to those shows just to see what they were like. Jupiter has radio storms that are so strong they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio. How cool is that?	It's pretty amazing! And soldiers once made radios out of razor blades and pencils. that's insane!
It's pretty amazing! And soldiers once made radios out of razor blades and pencils. that's insane!	That was pretty skilled of them to be able to do that! How interesting! I have to get going. It's been fun chatting with you! Have a good day!
That was pretty skilled of them to be able to do that! How interesting! I have to get going. It's been fun chatting with you! Have a good day!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Howdy, okie dokie....how do you like radio? LOL
Howdy, okie dokie....how do you like radio? LOL	I like listening to music but most of the time I listen to podcast. What about you?
I like listening to music but most of the time I listen to podcast. What about you?	I normally just listen to sports talk radio to get to sleep.
I normally just listen to sports talk radio to get to sleep.	To get to sleep? What do you listen to? I listen to sports podcasts and have a few favs.
To get to sleep? What do you listen to? I listen to sports podcasts and have a few favs.	I try to find local stuff. But when I go to bed, there isn't to much local sports talk on the radio. Thus, I listen to one of the ESPN podcasts that's on. Hate the female sportscasters though.
I try to find local stuff. But when I go to bed, there isn't to much local sports talk on the radio. Thus, I listen to one of the ESPN podcasts that's on. Hate the female sportscasters though.	I listen to Dan LeBatard and love that show. I dont like Chciago's local guys. Too bland.
I listen to Dan LeBatard and love that show. I dont like Chciago's local guys. Too bland.	Never heard of Dan LeBatard, might have listened to him on the radio...I never catch or remember the names.
Never heard of Dan LeBatard, might have listened to him on the radio...I never catch or remember the names.	That's fair. Plus he's in the morning. I also listen to Dan Patrick but I feel like he is getting redundant. Have you heard of him?
That's fair. Plus he's in the morning. I also listen to Dan Patrick but I feel like he is getting redundant. Have you heard of him?	Oh yes! I've heard Dan Patrick plenty of times on the radio. I don't really have an opinion whether I like him or not.
Oh yes! I've heard Dan Patrick plenty of times on the radio. I don't really have an opinion whether I like him or not.	I've listened to him for 12 years and it is getting too sportsy for me. And I do love sports! I would like more pop culture in there...
I've listened to him for 12 years and it is getting too sportsy for me. And I do love sports! I would like more pop culture in there...	I'm surprised they don't have any pop culture radio out there. You bring up a good point.
I'm surprised they don't have any pop culture radio out there. You bring up a good point.	They hit on it once in a while but not as much as I want. Pop culture may not be the right term... maybe stray away from sports because they are all fun and really smart. Would help the show.
They hit on it once in a while but not as much as I want. Pop culture may not be the right term... maybe stray away from sports because they are all fun and really smart. Would help the show.	What I really hate is when they have 3 or 4 announcers on the radio at the same time, laughing and giggling and talking over each other. It's annoying! I prefer just 1 or 2 people.
What I really hate is when they have 3 or 4 announcers on the radio at the same time, laughing and giggling and talking over each other. It's annoying! I prefer just 1 or 2 people.	Yeah. I like that more too. It's always awkward when the host and guest talk over each other. I get irritated...
Yeah. I like that more too. It's always awkward when the host and guest talk over each other. I get irritated...	I also hate when they play sports clips that are inaudible...happens more now than back in my day. If you can't make out what's going on....why play it?
I also hate when they play sports clips that are inaudible...happens more now than back in my day. If you can't make out what's going on....why play it?	Yeah. They play a ton of the ambient noise in the clip and need to clean it up.
Yeah. They play a ton of the ambient noise in the clip and need to clean it up.	I graduated from radio broadcasting. My teachers would have never put up with lousy audio sports clips on the radio.
I graduated from radio broadcasting. My teachers would have never put up with lousy audio sports clips on the radio.	You did? What college? That's so exciting!
You did? What college? That's so exciting!	Ohio School of Broadcasting. Graduate in 1987. Thanks for asking
Ohio School of Broadcasting. Graduate in 1987. Thanks for asking	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Hi, do you listen to the radio?
Hi, do you listen to the radio?	i used to listen to the radio when i was young. not so much now. You?
i used to listen to the radio when i was young. not so much now. You?	I usually listen online to like Spotify. Do you have a favorite genre?
I usually listen online to like Spotify. Do you have a favorite genre?	i like rock pop jazz. i dont use spotify though. what is your favorite genre?
i like rock pop jazz. i dont use spotify though. what is your favorite genre?	I listen to almost anything but rap. I want to like it but I just cannot get into it.
I listen to almost anything but rap. I want to like it but I just cannot get into it.	i cant get into either. i like melody and harmony. lyrics are not much to me.
i cant get into either. i like melody and harmony. lyrics are not much to me.	I agree. I prefer a soft tone in my music. Not to say I don't like rock but I feel like rap isn't for me. I try the classic like Run DMC but nothing...
I agree. I prefer a soft tone in my music. Not to say I don't like rock but I feel like rap isn't for me. I try the classic like Run DMC but nothing...	Yeah, there are good groups but it is just not my idiom. Would you listen to the news in latin? I cant imagine who does that.
Yeah, there are good groups but it is just not my idiom. Would you listen to the news in latin? I cant imagine who does that.	Isn't that a dead language? I could not follow it but then again, I am not smart...
Isn't that a dead language? I could not follow it but then again, I am not smart...	i guess there is not much to do in finland if people listen to the news in latin. the old radio dramas would be better.
i guess there is not much to do in finland if people listen to the news in latin. the old radio dramas would be better.	I agree. I remember walking into my grandparents and they would be listening to those.
I agree. I remember walking into my grandparents and they would be listening to those.	yeah, some of them were pretty good. war of the worlds. good stuff for a non-visual medium.
yeah, some of them were pretty good. war of the worlds. good stuff for a non-visual medium.	They actually had like 4 of those. One in south american and they were so mad, they burned down the radio station. It was in like 1975ish.
They actually had like 4 of those. One in south american and they were so mad, they burned down the radio station. It was in like 1975ish.	that is funny. people really cant tell what is real and what isnt.
that is funny. people really cant tell what is real and what isnt.	It is funny and someone almost died in the fire. They had to jump out a second floor window.
It is funny and someone almost died in the fire. They had to jump out a second floor window.	What do you think about voting? I try to vote every election.
What do you think about voting? I try to vote every election.	Me too. I do get tired of politics though. Do you enjoy politics?
Me too. I do get tired of politics though. Do you enjoy politics?	i dont like paying attention too often. It can get a bit depressing.
i dont like paying attention too often. It can get a bit depressing.	yeah. I am really tired of the whole thing and it's only march 2019. We have 1.75 years left!
yeah. I am really tired of the whole thing and it's only march 2019. We have 1.75 years left!	Yeah, it is going to be a long run up to 2020. i figure that we will all be exhausted by the end of the race. anyway, great chat!
Yeah, it is going to be a long run up to 2020. i figure that we will all be exhausted by the end of the race. anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Have a nice weekend!
Ditto. Have a nice weekend!	Hello! Do you use Facebook?
Hello! Do you use Facebook?	Yes, I sometimes do. Do you? I hear Facebook is mentioned in lots of divorce filings nowadays.
Yes, I sometimes do. Do you? I hear Facebook is mentioned in lots of divorce filings nowadays.	Yes sadly. It's a bad thing for that. Burger King once ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper. Some of those people who had to file divorce because of it should have taken them up on their offer. They could have gotten a free whopper!
Yes sadly. It's a bad thing for that. Burger King once ran a promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper. Some of those people who had to file divorce because of it should have taken them up on their offer. They could have gotten a free whopper!	I think so! Facebook is so popular that over a quarter of Americans use it as their main news source!
I think so! Facebook is so popular that over a quarter of Americans use it as their main news source!	That's crazy I think. Don't you? I see so much trash on there or biased stories. Facebook is valued at over 104 billion dollars now! Wow.
That's crazy I think. Don't you? I see so much trash on there or biased stories. Facebook is valued at over 104 billion dollars now! Wow.	It was hard enough to believe some of the news on TV, but I agree, the stuff you can read on Facebook is sometimes absurd!
It was hard enough to believe some of the news on TV, but I agree, the stuff you can read on Facebook is sometimes absurd!	Yes. Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005. Bad move on their part.
Yes. Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005. Bad move on their part.	That's interesting because Facebook is blue like the Democrat party and Myspace was Red like Republicans and I heard that Democrats are projected to dominate in the future.
That's interesting because Facebook is blue like the Democrat party and Myspace was Red like Republicans and I heard that Democrats are projected to dominate in the future.	I never noticed that about the colors. Mark Zuckerburg must be a democrat because he made Facebook primarily blue because he suffers from red-green colorblindness. lol
I never noticed that about the colors. Mark Zuckerburg must be a democrat because he made Facebook primarily blue because he suffers from red-green colorblindness. lol	Maybe it was a happy consequence for him and Facebook. I heard that red was once a more likable color for people but now it's blue. Something about the sub-conscience.
Maybe it was a happy consequence for him and Facebook. I heard that red was once a more likable color for people but now it's blue. Something about the sub-conscience.	That's interesting! Do you watch much television? Ever a fan of "That 70s show?"
That's interesting! Do you watch much television? Ever a fan of "That 70s show?"	I have watched that 70's show on TV. It was one of my favorite shows to watch when it came out! Do you like it, too?
I have watched that 70's show on TV. It was one of my favorite shows to watch when it came out! Do you like it, too?	I loved it. I recently found out that they made a UK version of it called "Days Like These". They only made 10 episodes. You can find them on Youtube. It's funny because the characters names are the same, they dress the same, and have the same quirks and personalities as the 70s show characters. Even the different car scenes at the beginning are the same just with different music.
I loved it. I recently found out that they made a UK version of it called "Days Like These". They only made 10 episodes. You can find them on Youtube. It's funny because the characters names are the same, they dress the same, and have the same quirks and personalities as the 70s show characters. Even the different car scenes at the beginning are the same just with different music.	That's pretty funny! I wonder if the show would have included Facebook if it was as out at the time? Can you imagine cut-scenes to the characters Facebook walls?
That's pretty funny! I wonder if the show would have included Facebook if it was as out at the time? Can you imagine cut-scenes to the characters Facebook walls?	lol I never thought of that. That would be neat! I can't believe how popular Pokemon is. There are over 750 episodes. I never quite understood it. My kids like it though.
lol I never thought of that. That would be neat! I can't believe how popular Pokemon is. There are over 750 episodes. I never quite understood it. My kids like it though.	Well, I thought the card game was ok. Magic cards is better. I remember Neopets coming out. I heard the like button was once going to be called the awesome button. I wonder why it's not.
Well, I thought the card game was ok. Magic cards is better. I remember Neopets coming out. I heard the like button was once going to be called the awesome button. I wonder why it's not.	Hmm...I don't know. Interesting. Facebook's like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. I don't know why though.
Hmm...I don't know. Interesting. Facebook's like button is illegal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. I don't know why though.	I thought besides the like button that Facebook also used to have an unlike button like Youtube?
I thought besides the like button that Facebook also used to have an unlike button like Youtube?	You know what? You're right! They did have a dislike. Maybe they got rid of it due to advertisers demands because they make most of their revenue from ads that appear on the screen?
You know what? You're right! They did have a dislike. Maybe they got rid of it due to advertisers demands because they make most of their revenue from ads that appear on the screen?	I heard that instead of that they give the Facebook users the option of putting in an emoji. I wonder if it's all because they don't want people to be offended?
I heard that instead of that they give the Facebook users the option of putting in an emoji. I wonder if it's all because they don't want people to be offended?	I would say that you're probably correct. It was nice chatting with you!
I would say that you're probably correct. It was nice chatting with you!	Do you know that cars were invented in 1800's?
Do you know that cars were invented in 1800's?	I think the late 1800's right? do you know who invented the first car?
I think the late 1800's right? do you know who invented the first car?	I don't know. However, Benz had the first patent.
I don't know. However, Benz had the first patent.	ah interesting, also crazy is that the first drivethrough was invented by McDonalds
ah interesting, also crazy is that the first drivethrough was invented by McDonalds	I heard. It was in 1975 to accommodate soldiers.
I heard. It was in 1975 to accommodate soldiers.	ya, that makes me hungry! I think it's cool that flamethrowers are legal in South Africa! I could use those to melt the snow on my driveway
ya, that makes me hungry! I think it's cool that flamethrowers are legal in South Africa! I could use those to melt the snow on my driveway	I do not think it is legal in the US.
I do not think it is legal in the US.	no but I wish we could make a mad max style freeway haah, do you know about why cars rear's are called trunks?
no but I wish we could make a mad max style freeway haah, do you know about why cars rear's are called trunks?	I do not remember. Please tell me why they are called trunks.
I do not remember. Please tell me why they are called trunks.	well old cars used to have wooden trunks in the back to carry stuff so I guess that name just stuck haha
well old cars used to have wooden trunks in the back to carry stuff so I guess that name just stuck haha	That was interesting. There are a lot of new things I learn from chatting with people.
That was interesting. There are a lot of new things I learn from chatting with people.	ya did you hear about the guy who became a professional car driver? he did it after beating 90k people in the videogame gran tourismo
ya did you hear about the guy who became a professional car driver? he did it after beating 90k people in the videogame gran tourismo	That was also interesting. I guess his reflex improved greatly because of video games.
That was also interesting. I guess his reflex improved greatly because of video games.	ha it must be that, do you know about the history of detroit at all?
ha it must be that, do you know about the history of detroit at all?	I do not know. Please tell me about it.
I do not know. Please tell me about it.	well it was founded by Antoine de la monthe cadillac, he's also teh person that cadillac cars is named after
well it was founded by Antoine de la monthe cadillac, he's also teh person that cadillac cars is named after	When you mentioned Detroit - is it about the city in Michigan?
When you mentioned Detroit - is it about the city in Michigan?	yes it is, I live in Michigan actually and even I didn't know that about Detroit haha
yes it is, I live in Michigan actually and even I didn't know that about Detroit haha	I did not know that Cadillac (the name) had to do with a Frenchman. I thought it had to do with the US.
I did not know that Cadillac (the name) had to do with a Frenchman. I thought it had to do with the US.	ya me neither, do you watch the Simpsons at all?
ya me neither, do you watch the Simpsons at all?	I did years ago but I have no time now. Anyway, I've got to run. It was nice chatting with you.
I did years ago but I have no time now. Anyway, I've got to run. It was nice chatting with you.	Hi, how are you this morning?
Hi, how are you this morning?	Good morning, were you aware that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode? Sounds like a disaster in the making, to me.
Good morning, were you aware that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode? Sounds like a disaster in the making, to me.	I didn't know that. Sounds dangerous to me! We've come along way since the modern car was invented by Karl Benz in 1886.
I didn't know that. Sounds dangerous to me! We've come along way since the modern car was invented by Karl Benz in 1886.	For far too long, I thought Henry Ford invented the car, lol. I'm in Ohio, and it truly is illegal to warm your car up. The police make you very aware of that if it is stolen while running.
For far too long, I thought Henry Ford invented the car, lol. I'm in Ohio, and it truly is illegal to warm your car up. The police make you very aware of that if it is stolen while running.	Wow, that's interesting and it's so cold in Ohio, too! Did you know the Cadillac is named after French explorer, Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac, who founded Detroit?
Wow, that's interesting and it's so cold in Ohio, too! Did you know the Cadillac is named after French explorer, Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac, who founded Detroit?	I did, I've been to his home on Bell Island. It's funny that Audi had to invent a new horn, for the Indian Market.
I did, I've been to his home on Bell Island. It's funny that Audi had to invent a new horn, for the Indian Market.	Didn't know that tidbit of info, but I do know it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with flamethrowers to prevent carjacking.
Didn't know that tidbit of info, but I do know it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with flamethrowers to prevent carjacking.	That is cool. I would love to find a barn full of classic cars, like that guy in New York.
That is cool. I would love to find a barn full of classic cars, like that guy in New York.	You and me both, we'd be rich! Hard to believe the Mcdonald's drive thru has only been in existence since 1975, though.
You and me both, we'd be rich! Hard to believe the Mcdonald's drive thru has only been in existence since 1975, though.	I wouldn't know, I was born after that. I cant believe so many people don't realize that the fuel gauge will tell you which side your gas tank is on.
I wouldn't know, I was born after that. I cant believe so many people don't realize that the fuel gauge will tell you which side your gas tank is on.	Cool, nice to know. Do you know the trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on their backs?
Cool, nice to know. Do you know the trunk of your car is called that because old cars used to have wooden trunks on their backs?	Were you aware that Homer Simpson has held over 180 jobs on the Simpsons?
Were you aware that Homer Simpson has held over 180 jobs on the Simpsons?	No, but that doesn't surprise me. I hear there is one Simpsons episode where Bart is neither mentioned nor appears. Have you seen it?
No, but that doesn't surprise me. I hear there is one Simpsons episode where Bart is neither mentioned nor appears. Have you seen it?	I have not, as I don't watch the simpsons. I would have liked to seen the one where Daniel Radcliffe was voicing Edward Cullen.
I have not, as I don't watch the simpsons. I would have liked to seen the one where Daniel Radcliffe was voicing Edward Cullen.	Yeah, that would have been awesome. I heard that when South Park aired its final episode the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew. That was nice of them to do.
Yeah, that would have been awesome. I heard that when South Park aired its final episode the producers received flowers from the Simpsons crew. That was nice of them to do.	Its weird how divorce has progressed, as of 2011, 1/3 of all divorces, cite "facebook" as part of the reason.
Its weird how divorce has progressed, as of 2011, 1/3 of all divorces, cite "facebook" as part of the reason.	I can believe it. Lol I bet MySpace feels stupid for turning down an offer to buy Facebook in early 2005.
I can believe it. Lol I bet MySpace feels stupid for turning down an offer to buy Facebook in early 2005.	Probably. It's insane that they have over 56 gender options.
Probably. It's insane that they have over 56 gender options.	Really? I didn't know that. I know the like button is illegal in one German state.
Really? I didn't know that. I know the like button is illegal in one German state.	I wish it were illegal here. That drives me crazy. Along with how many adults consider facebook a news source.
I wish it were illegal here. That drives me crazy. Along with how many adults consider facebook a news source.	Amen to that! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning. Hope you have a good day, friend.
Amen to that! Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning. Hope you have a good day, friend.	Hi! Do you own a compact car, crossover SUV, SUV, or what type of car do you own?
Hi! Do you own a compact car, crossover SUV, SUV, or what type of car do you own?	I love Cadillacs and would like to own one of those! Never knew until recently they were named after the founder of Detroit - French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac! What about you?
I love Cadillacs and would like to own one of those! Never knew until recently they were named after the founder of Detroit - French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac! What about you?	I like Cadillacs as well and would be proud to take it to the drive thru of my favorite fast food restaurants like Chic-Fil-A or McDonald's, they were the ones who started the drive-thru in order to accommodate soldiers who weren't able to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms.
I like Cadillacs as well and would be proud to take it to the drive thru of my favorite fast food restaurants like Chic-Fil-A or McDonald's, they were the ones who started the drive-thru in order to accommodate soldiers who weren't able to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms.	That's crazy, Isn't it? I assumed drive-thrus were always apart of fast food chains. Wonder when the first drive-thru was introduced, if cars still had wooden trunks in the back as they used to have, hence where the name "trunk" came from.
That's crazy, Isn't it? I assumed drive-thrus were always apart of fast food chains. Wonder when the first drive-thru was introduced, if cars still had wooden trunks in the back as they used to have, hence where the name "trunk" came from.	They were introduced in 1975 which seems a bit late to me, imagine if it was patented or trademarked, then Jann Mardenborough wouldn't have to become a professional race car driver by beating 90K other people in a video game!
They were introduced in 1975 which seems a bit late to me, imagine if it was patented or trademarked, then Jann Mardenborough wouldn't have to become a professional race car driver by beating 90K other people in a video game!	Ha! No kidding. That takes real talent to be able to do both! If Jann ever races in south Africa, let's hope he has a flamethrower in his car to keep carjackers away!
Ha! No kidding. That takes real talent to be able to do both! If Jann ever races in south Africa, let's hope he has a flamethrower in his car to keep carjackers away!	I imagine it could be quite fun and liberating to press the "launch" buttons to activate those flamethrowers, it's the equivalent of a Turbo button in the video game Gran Turismo that Jan plays.
I imagine it could be quite fun and liberating to press the "launch" buttons to activate those flamethrowers, it's the equivalent of a Turbo button in the video game Gran Turismo that Jan plays.	Ha! I wouldn't mind seeing a documentary about Jann on the tele one day! Speaking of tv, were you a fan of 70's Show? I heard it was remade in the UK but cancelled literally 10 episodes in. Crazy, Isn't it?
Ha! I wouldn't mind seeing a documentary about Jann on the tele one day! Speaking of tv, were you a fan of 70's Show? I heard it was remade in the UK but cancelled literally 10 episodes in. Crazy, Isn't it?	Never saw much of it but I do know that Ashton Kutcher got his claim to fame from that show, you think the reason it was cancelled was because there weren't any actors or actresses worth gushing over?
Never saw much of it but I do know that Ashton Kutcher got his claim to fame from that show, you think the reason it was cancelled was because there weren't any actors or actresses worth gushing over?	Maybe so? Weird it was cancelled 10 episodes in yet a show like Pokemon has over 750 episodes!
Maybe so? Weird it was cancelled 10 episodes in yet a show like Pokemon has over 750 episodes!	Have you ever seen an episode of pokemon? I haven't, even though there's that many episodes! That's enough to last for 16 years if you played 50 of them every season.
Have you ever seen an episode of pokemon? I haven't, even though there's that many episodes! That's enough to last for 16 years if you played 50 of them every season.	It's a great show for kids although I haven't seen too many. No where near 750. Ha! I prefer South Park. Speaking of which, did you know the Simpson's crew actually sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode?
It's a great show for kids although I haven't seen too many. No where near 750. Ha! I prefer South Park. Speaking of which, did you know the Simpson's crew actually sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode?	That's very nice of them, I wonder if that happened after the episodes where its the only one where Bart didn't appear and isn't even mentioned, did they foresee an ending in sight?
That's very nice of them, I wonder if that happened after the episodes where its the only one where Bart didn't appear and isn't even mentioned, did they foresee an ending in sight?	I'm honestly not sure. It's crazy Bart never appeared nor was mentioned in an episode, right? Wonder what episode that was? Maybe I can post about it on Facebook and get an answer! Speaking of Facebook, it's crazy how far it's come since it was launched on Feb 4th, 2004!
I'm honestly not sure. It's crazy Bart never appeared nor was mentioned in an episode, right? Wonder what episode that was? Maybe I can post about it on Facebook and get an answer! Speaking of Facebook, it's crazy how far it's come since it was launched on Feb 4th, 2004!	You can definitely get an answer if you post it, there are some very loyal fans of the show, I would've never noticed Bart never appeared. Did you know how Facebook came to be and how it was developed?
You can definitely get an answer if you post it, there are some very loyal fans of the show, I would've never noticed Bart never appeared. Did you know how Facebook came to be and how it was developed?	I know Mark Zuckerberg developed it with help from a few roommates at Harvard and it grew from there... And boy did it grow!
I know Mark Zuckerberg developed it with help from a few roommates at Harvard and it grew from there... And boy did it grow!	Yeah, definitely makes me think about the things I "didn't" accomplish while I was stuck in my dorm room with roommates back in the day. I wonder how MySpace feels now for turning down Facebook for a discounted rate of $75 million. How would you feel?
Yeah, definitely makes me think about the things I "didn't" accomplish while I was stuck in my dorm room with roommates back in the day. I wonder how MySpace feels now for turning down Facebook for a discounted rate of $75 million. How would you feel?	Especially knowing MySpace is nothing now, I would be depressed. So sad to think where MySpace would be today had they opted to buy the $104 billion dollar company.
Especially knowing MySpace is nothing now, I would be depressed. So sad to think where MySpace would be today had they opted to buy the $104 billion dollar company.	My guess is they would be a venture company investing billions in other startup companies in hopes of find their next payoff like "Facebook", but maybe if they ran a promotion like what Burger King once did where if you unfriended 10 people, you'd get a Free Whopper, maybe there's still some hope with great marketing.
My guess is they would be a venture company investing billions in other startup companies in hopes of find their next payoff like "Facebook", but maybe if they ran a promotion like what Burger King once did where if you unfriended 10 people, you'd get a Free Whopper, maybe there's still some hope with great marketing.	Ha! That is true. Heck, the colors maybe different as well since Facebook is mainly blue due to Zuckerberg being color blind!
Ha! That is true. Heck, the colors maybe different as well since Facebook is mainly blue due to Zuckerberg being color blind!	Yeah and the "like"button could be used to spread positivity unlike in a german state where it's actually banned.
Yeah and the "like"button could be used to spread positivity unlike in a german state where it's actually banned.	Hey there what do you watch on television? I know I like to watch stranger things and South Park
Hey there what do you watch on television? I know I like to watch stranger things and South Park	I haven't seen Stranger Things. Is that on Netflix?
I haven't seen Stranger Things. Is that on Netflix?	It is on Netflix haha. I don't have cable personally. And I TV isn't even set up to get over-the-air free stuff haha what about you
It is on Netflix haha. I don't have cable personally. And I TV isn't even set up to get over-the-air free stuff haha what about you	I don't watch a lot of TV, but I do watch South Park. Keeps me up to date on current events.
I don't watch a lot of TV, but I do watch South Park. Keeps me up to date on current events.	Yep and they always have a good take on funny things that are happening too. Do you remember the one where they made fun of the Family Guy ?
Yep and they always have a good take on funny things that are happening too. Do you remember the one where they made fun of the Family Guy ?	Yes, I do. The manatees made up the stories. Basic random jokes were the result.
Yes, I do. The manatees made up the stories. Basic random jokes were the result.	Haha that was awesome! I love that the creators of The Simpsons sent the creators of South Park Flowers after that episode, that is so hilarious
Haha that was awesome! I love that the creators of The Simpsons sent the creators of South Park Flowers after that episode, that is so hilarious	I think the Simpsons agreed about how stale the humor was on Family Guy.
I think the Simpsons agreed about how stale the humor was on Family Guy.	Oh they totally did. Have you seen the episode of The Simpsons where Bart is not mentioned and he doesn't even appear? I've trying to figure out which episode that is, because I think I've seen them all but I don't remember that one
Oh they totally did. Have you seen the episode of The Simpsons where Bart is not mentioned and he doesn't even appear? I've trying to figure out which episode that is, because I think I've seen them all but I don't remember that one	I don't remember the episode either. I wonder what other characters have been in every episode. Do you watch Pokemon? I've never seen it.
I don't remember the episode either. I wonder what other characters have been in every episode. Do you watch Pokemon? I've never seen it.	I used to watch Pokemon as a kid. I really like Bulbasaur and Pikachu. Do you have any Pokemon that you love? I can't believe they're over 750 episodes at this point I'll never be able to catch up
I used to watch Pokemon as a kid. I really like Bulbasaur and Pikachu. Do you have any Pokemon that you love? I can't believe they're over 750 episodes at this point I'll never be able to catch up	Don't really know Pokemon. 750? That's it? I figured there would be more with the demand.
Don't really know Pokemon. 750? That's it? I figured there would be more with the demand.	Oh really? I was shocked it was that many, Pokemon has been around for a really long time and I'm always amazed that it's still as popular, if not more popular than it ever has been
Oh really? I was shocked it was that many, Pokemon has been around for a really long time and I'm always amazed that it's still as popular, if not more popular than it ever has been	I guess I missed my chance. I was born too early. Do you listen to the radio at all?
I guess I missed my chance. I was born too early. Do you listen to the radio at all?	I don't really listen to the radio no. I don't typically have to drive to work and even if I did I listen to YouTube stuff mostly, what about you?
I don't really listen to the radio no. I don't typically have to drive to work and even if I did I listen to YouTube stuff mostly, what about you?	I used to listen to the radio when I was young. Now I go to youtube for music and documentaries. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. I wonder who goes there.
I used to listen to the radio when I was young. Now I go to youtube for music and documentaries. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. I wonder who goes there.	Yep even though it's free I still wouldn't go there haha. There's too much other cool stuff especially on YouTube that I could be watching. And even YouTube is free. Do you know what a fox hole radio is?
Yep even though it's free I still wouldn't go there haha. There's too much other cool stuff especially on YouTube that I could be watching. And even YouTube is free. Do you know what a fox hole radio is?	I know what a foxhole is. It is something for war, so I guess a foxhole radio is something for soldiers.
I know what a foxhole is. It is something for war, so I guess a foxhole radio is something for soldiers.	Yep a foxhole radio is a radio made out of necessity using a razor blade and a pencil as the diode, although I can't say exactly how that would work
Yep a foxhole radio is a radio made out of necessity using a razor blade and a pencil as the diode, although I can't say exactly how that would work	I guess it picks up vibrations that they can amplify. I don't really know either.
I guess it picks up vibrations that they can amplify. I don't really know either.	What do you think about Jupiter as a planet? Personally I still am missing Pluto haha. But seriously you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on AM radio. When I'm bored maybe I'll try to pick them up sometime
What do you think about Jupiter as a planet? Personally I still am missing Pluto haha. But seriously you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on AM radio. When I'm bored maybe I'll try to pick them up sometime	Do you know when Russia invaded the Ukraine?
Do you know when Russia invaded the Ukraine?	Hi am not sure, but I think Russia invaded UKraine in 2014.
Hi am not sure, but I think Russia invaded UKraine in 2014.	Thanks. I was reading about students that were essentially refugees. Have you heard about them?
Thanks. I was reading about students that were essentially refugees. Have you heard about them?	Yes, I heard about that, there was a soldier captured by the Russian, which died later.
Yes, I heard about that, there was a soldier captured by the Russian, which died later.	Internally displaced persons! How awful is that language from Russian television?
Internally displaced persons! How awful is that language from Russian television?	Yes you are right, I don't think too many US trust them and what their say.
Yes you are right, I don't think too many US trust them and what their say.	Do you know much about television?
Do you know much about television?	Yes my favorite thing when I am relaxing is watching TV.
Yes my favorite thing when I am relaxing is watching TV.	Do you enjoy the Simpsons?
Do you enjoy the Simpsons?	I like the Simpsons, especially Bart. It can be a fun to watch.
I like the Simpsons, especially Bart. It can be a fun to watch.	There is only one episode of the show where Bart neither appears, nor is mentioned.
There is only one episode of the show where Bart neither appears, nor is mentioned.	yes I remember reading about that. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?
yes I remember reading about that. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of pokemon?	I have heard that. There is something like enough for 16 years at 50 episodes a year!
I have heard that. There is something like enough for 16 years at 50 episodes a year!	Yes, what do you think about the dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160 mph?
Yes, what do you think about the dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160 mph?	That is amazing. I would want some radio to listen to if I were on that bus!
That is amazing. I would want some radio to listen to if I were on that bus!	Yes you are so right, I would be afraid to ride that bus, how would it remain on the rail or line.
Yes you are so right, I would be afraid to ride that bus, how would it remain on the rail or line.	True, but it is still better than the icelandic option - complete lack of public rail and few cars!
True, but it is still better than the icelandic option - complete lack of public rail and few cars!	That's true Japan highways are tolls and it costs more than $300 to travel across country.
That's true Japan highways are tolls and it costs more than $300 to travel across country.	I wonder if Kink Kalakaua encountered those tolls when he traveled around the world.
I wonder if Kink Kalakaua encountered those tolls when he traveled around the world.	I don't think so since this was a king, you know they get special treatments.
I don't think so since this was a king, you know they get special treatments.	True. Still, rich or poor, you cannot escape the radio storms of Jupiter.
True. Still, rich or poor, you cannot escape the radio storms of Jupiter.	That's true, I read about that, are you a radio listener? I only listen to the radio when I am driving.
That's true, I read about that, are you a radio listener? I only listen to the radio when I am driving.	I like to listen to classic radio dramas on the Internet.
I like to listen to classic radio dramas on the Internet.	No I haven't have about it, but I will read upon it. It was nice chatting with you, have a good night.
No I haven't have about it, but I will read upon it. It was nice chatting with you, have a good night.	Do you like to travel?
Do you like to travel?	I do, though I wish I could afford to do it more. Funny that planes traveled faster in the 60s though
I do, though I wish I could afford to do it more. Funny that planes traveled faster in the 60s though	Would love to check out the Ukraine. But Putin is making that a funky choice.
Would love to check out the Ukraine. But Putin is making that a funky choice.	I would be terrified with all the propaganda, seems too dangerous with so much emphasis on war
I would be terrified with all the propaganda, seems too dangerous with so much emphasis on war	Yeah. But they are ironically more friendly to westerners now...as an unintended consequence of Putin's anti-Western propaganda
Yeah. But they are ironically more friendly to westerners now...as an unintended consequence of Putin's anti-Western propaganda	Haha I feel like he shouldve seen hat coming with all the disapproval. Have you ever stolen a gnome? I have once but Id never think of returning them like some apparently
Haha I feel like he shouldve seen hat coming with all the disapproval. Have you ever stolen a gnome? I have once but Id never think of returning them like some apparently	I've never seen a gnome. Maybe in the Netherlands once....but I was on a bus going 160 mph.
I've never seen a gnome. Maybe in the Netherlands once....but I was on a bus going 160 mph.	Dude props. What about couch surfing? Theres a website for that now, really puts a spin on hitch hiking
Dude props. What about couch surfing? Theres a website for that now, really puts a spin on hitch hiking	Can potatoes surf? Cause I'm doing a Pokemon marathon...750 episodes
Can potatoes surf? Cause I'm doing a Pokemon marathon...750 episodes	Thats impressive and makes me feel like a bad 90s kid. Though I still love Bing Crosby, crazy how he filled more than half the radio time in 1948
Thats impressive and makes me feel like a bad 90s kid. Though I still love Bing Crosby, crazy how he filled more than half the radio time in 1948	Canadian regulators must've been going crazy.
Canadian regulators must've been going crazy.	haha well at least if theyre that mad they can just tune into a station with solar activity
haha well at least if theyre that mad they can just tune into a station with solar activity	Well, if they plant a flag on Jupiter, that may fulfill the 40% Canadian music rule.
Well, if they plant a flag on Jupiter, that may fulfill the 40% Canadian music rule.	I dont know much about that, but I know Canada pays Urkraine for Ukrainian based songs
I dont know much about that, but I know Canada pays Urkraine for Ukrainian based songs	Whoa. Surprised there is a market. But some people still listen to classical Latin, so who knows
Whoa. Surprised there is a market. But some people still listen to classical Latin, so who knows	I love Latin music. Can you believe Shakespear's two noble kinsmen isnt a movie yet? I always thought that was one of the better ones
I love Latin music. Can you believe Shakespear's two noble kinsmen isnt a movie yet? I always thought that was one of the better ones	Yeah...the simpsons without bart episode will probably become a movie before another Shakespeare play does...they way things are going these days
Yeah...the simpsons without bart episode will probably become a movie before another Shakespeare play does...they way things are going these days	I can totally see radcliffe voicing edward cullen in the simpsons though, I think he would've done a better job than the movie actor
I can totally see radcliffe voicing edward cullen in the simpsons though, I think he would've done a better job than the movie actor	Give Ringo Starr a shot. He pulled of Thomas the Tank Engine.
Give Ringo Starr a shot. He pulled of Thomas the Tank Engine.	I didn't know that! Youd think it'd go to Homer, he did have 188 jobs by the first 400 episodes
I didn't know that! Youd think it'd go to Homer, he did have 188 jobs by the first 400 episodes	Wild. i'm going to check that out no. Nice chatting with you.
Wild. i'm going to check that out no. Nice chatting with you.	Hello, do you watch television?
Hello, do you watch television?	Yes, I do. I watch Big Bang Theory and the national news.
Yes, I do. I watch Big Bang Theory and the national news.	Love the big bang theory! Im a few seasons behind lol
Love the big bang theory! Im a few seasons behind lol	Do you watch Saturday Night Live?
Do you watch Saturday Night Live?	No not really. you? Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?
No not really. you? Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?	Yes, I do. That's a lot of episodes.
Yes, I do. That's a lot of episodes.	Its like 16 years of episodes !
Its like 16 years of episodes !	Apparently, most deals made on the shark tank show are never enacted.
Apparently, most deals made on the shark tank show are never enacted.	Thats sad, what a fake tv show then.
Thats sad, what a fake tv show then.	I think it is. I watch it from time to time when nothing else is better.
I think it is. I watch it from time to time when nothing else is better.	Do you like to travel? I hear the dutch are making a high speed commiuter bus that travels 160 mph
Do you like to travel? I hear the dutch are making a high speed commiuter bus that travels 160 mph	Yes, I do. I went to Netherlands twice. That bus is too fast for me. I do not plan to ride on it.
Yes, I do. I went to Netherlands twice. That bus is too fast for me. I do not plan to ride on it.	Oh really lol I would definitely try it. In Japan, crossing the country will take $300 in tolls!
Oh really lol I would definitely try it. In Japan, crossing the country will take $300 in tolls!	I cannot afford that. I will take trains instead.
I cannot afford that. I will take trains instead.	Right, not to mention I will have a hard time driving on the opposite side of the road.
Right, not to mention I will have a hard time driving on the opposite side of the road.	I heard that there is a website for people that will let you crash on their couch while you are traveling. Do you know about the website?
I heard that there is a website for people that will let you crash on their couch while you are traveling. Do you know about the website?	yeah I think its called couchsurfing.com or something like that. I have never used it though. i wouldnt mind though!
yeah I think its called couchsurfing.com or something like that. I have never used it though. i wouldnt mind though!	I do not like to stay at strangers' houses. I have never stayed at airbnb either.
I do not like to stay at strangers' houses. I have never stayed at airbnb either.	Oh wow, Ive stayed in a lot of airbnb and even a hostel. I dont mind it, especially if I need to save money for more important traveling expenses.
Oh wow, Ive stayed in a lot of airbnb and even a hostel. I dont mind it, especially if I need to save money for more important traveling expenses.	I'm female and old. So, I'm not as courageous as young people.
I'm female and old. So, I'm not as courageous as young people.	Fair enough. Its been great chatting with you, thanks for the conversation.
Fair enough. Its been great chatting with you, thanks for the conversation.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am fine. How about you?
I am fine. How about you?	I am well. Do you pay attention to the international happenings?
I am well. Do you pay attention to the international happenings?	A little bit. Everything that goes on in the world will definitely affect other countries. It's interesting how people have become so much more knowledgable about other countries since we have tv and radio.
A little bit. Everything that goes on in the world will definitely affect other countries. It's interesting how people have become so much more knowledgable about other countries since we have tv and radio.	Yeah. I am intrigued by the Russian international motication. What are they trying to do? I guess they could say the same about the US...
Yeah. I am intrigued by the Russian international motication. What are they trying to do? I guess they could say the same about the US...	Probably so. Although, Russia is no stranger to trying to control other countries. Just look at its history.
Probably so. Although, Russia is no stranger to trying to control other countries. Just look at its history.	Yeah. I worry about countries like Ukraine, not strong enough to be an international player so they have to bend to the will of large super powers like Russia. I do not care about their officials. I care about the ones who lose their loved ones to chemical attacks by their president or Iraq's citizens through Hussain.
Yeah. I worry about countries like Ukraine, not strong enough to be an international player so they have to bend to the will of large super powers like Russia. I do not care about their officials. I care about the ones who lose their loved ones to chemical attacks by their president or Iraq's citizens through Hussain.	It is a terrible world. I love to travel, but it is getting more frightening to set off of US soil. So far, our country has been very blessed in spite of the problems that we face.
It is a terrible world. I love to travel, but it is getting more frightening to set off of US soil. So far, our country has been very blessed in spite of the problems that we face.	I agree. I feel like I won the geography lottery when I see what other countries are going through. Feel like lightening this up a little?
I agree. I feel like I won the geography lottery when I see what other countries are going through. Feel like lightening this up a little?	Yes. By all means. There is enough dispair. Speaking of travel. I love to travel whether in the US or outside. The beauty of the US is wonderful no matter where one goes. I've been all over the US.
Yes. By all means. There is enough dispair. Speaking of travel. I love to travel whether in the US or outside. The beauty of the US is wonderful no matter where one goes. I've been all over the US.	Nice. Where is the best spot you have been to?
Nice. Where is the best spot you have been to?	I love Montery, CA. A beautiful place with great mid temperatures all year round.
I love Montery, CA. A beautiful place with great mid temperatures all year round.	Really. Where is that in CA? In Napa Valley?
Really. Where is that in CA? In Napa Valley?	No, closer to San Jose on the West Coast. Around Carmel.
No, closer to San Jose on the West Coast. Around Carmel.	Nice. Have you ever been to Mackinac Island?
Nice. Have you ever been to Mackinac Island?	No, but I understand it's a very calm place, with no noisy, pollutants called motor vehicles. ;)
No, but I understand it's a very calm place, with no noisy, pollutants called motor vehicles. ;)	I saw that on a previous hit and looked it up... the houses are beautiful and the island is so nice looking. It is in michigan though so it has cold winters...
I saw that on a previous hit and looked it up... the houses are beautiful and the island is so nice looking. It is in michigan though so it has cold winters...	That's for sure. It must be very cold there now. It's cold everywhere. It's a good time to stay in the house and watch TV or listen to the radio. Can you imagine the intelligence of those who invented these things that keep us occupied these days.
That's for sure. It must be very cold there now. It's cold everywhere. It's a good time to stay in the house and watch TV or listen to the radio. Can you imagine the intelligence of those who invented these things that keep us occupied these days.	I know. And the evolution of the stuff too. I remember switching the TV with a knob and getting yelled at by my dad for turning it too quickly.
I know. And the evolution of the stuff too. I remember switching the TV with a knob and getting yelled at by my dad for turning it too quickly.	Ha. Do you remember the circle in the middle of the screen when there was no programming. The good old black and white. Wow, now the screens are huge and beautiful projections. I wonder what Edison would say about "smart TV's"?
Ha. Do you remember the circle in the middle of the screen when there was no programming. The good old black and white. Wow, now the screens are huge and beautiful projections. I wonder what Edison would say about "smart TV's"?	A little more advanced than his lightbulb! Nice chatting with you!
A little more advanced than his lightbulb! Nice chatting with you!	Did you know America has a president?
Did you know America has a president?	I do, his name is Donald Trump. Good thing we don't have a dictator or an authoritarian regime
I do, his name is Donald Trump. Good thing we don't have a dictator or an authoritarian regime	Do you not like Trump? I think he is the greatest president ever!
Do you not like Trump? I think he is the greatest president ever!	I don't like him at all, he is too stubborn for me but I respect your point of view
I don't like him at all, he is too stubborn for me but I respect your point of view	WOW! Did you know that that the president of indonesia made a pop album, 3 TIMES!
WOW! Did you know that that the president of indonesia made a pop album, 3 TIMES!	I didnt know that! 3 times? does he know he has a country to run lol
I didnt know that! 3 times? does he know he has a country to run lol	It is a small country though. Did you know that the guest house of the white house is smaller than the White House?
It is a small country though. Did you know that the guest house of the white house is smaller than the White House?	Its smaller? that doesnt make sense at all, I wonder why they made the White House smaller then
Its smaller? that doesnt make sense at all, I wonder why they made the White House smaller then	I'm not sure. Do you like Pokemon?
I'm not sure. Do you like Pokemon?	I do like Pokemon, used to be my favorite show as a kid, its been 16 years since the show premiered
I do like Pokemon, used to be my favorite show as a kid, its been 16 years since the show premiered	Yeah. Hilarious! I played pokemon go. Let's just say that "I didn't go anywhere!"
Yeah. Hilarious! I played pokemon go. Let's just say that "I didn't go anywhere!"	I walked around but got tired of the game, did you watch that 70's Show?
I walked around but got tired of the game, did you watch that 70's Show?	I did, not a fan of it, but can see how people like it. I hear they did a remake in the UK, how did that go?
I did, not a fan of it, but can see how people like it. I hear they did a remake in the UK, how did that go?	It went terrible or so I suppose, the show got cancelled after 10 episodes and it had a terrible name ''Days Like These'' no creativity there
It went terrible or so I suppose, the show got cancelled after 10 episodes and it had a terrible name ''Days Like These'' no creativity there	Hilarious. Well, perhaps they should have brought in Ringo Starr, I hear he does guest appearances?
Hilarious. Well, perhaps they should have brought in Ringo Starr, I hear he does guest appearances?	I dont know about that but he is one of the narrators of the shoe Thomas the Tank Engine, Ringo Starr would be a great addition to any show
I dont know about that but he is one of the narrators of the shoe Thomas the Tank Engine, Ringo Starr would be a great addition to any show	I like the beatles, did you listen to them where you grew up?
I like the beatles, did you listen to them where you grew up?	I did, it was one of my favorite bands, Ringo Starr was a great performer, I follow him since then
I did, it was one of my favorite bands, Ringo Starr was a great performer, I follow him since then	Ringo is great, too bad about John. What a shame.
Ringo is great, too bad about John. What a shame.	Yeah so changing the subject a bit what are your thoughts on Kim Jong-Un?
Yeah so changing the subject a bit what are your thoughts on Kim Jong-Un?	Nice! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a nice day as Gump would say!
Nice! Well it was great chatting with you! Have a nice day as Gump would say!	Its been great chatting as well
Its been great chatting as well	You too.
You too.	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?	Yes that is JFK, Washington and Jefferson
Yes that is JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Yes. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
Yes. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	Yes he was called President Banana
Yes he was called President Banana	Yeah. Did you know that the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Yeah. Did you know that the white house is smaller than the guest house?	Yes I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room
Yes I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room	True. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
True. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?	Yes that was just the runner up that moved into that position
Yes that was just the runner up that moved into that position	Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes and he has already released 3 albums while in office
Yes and he has already released 3 albums while in office	Yeah. Do you watch much tv?
Yeah. Do you watch much tv?	Yes a lot actually. I love watching the SImpsons and you?
Yes a lot actually. I love watching the SImpsons and you?	I love that show too. Did you know Bart did not appear in one episode?
I love that show too. Did you know Bart did not appear in one episode?	Yes and he was not even mentioned in it at all
Yes and he was not even mentioned in it at all	Strange. How about That 70s Show?
Strange. How about That 70s Show?	Yes that too but I hear it did not do well in the UK
Yes that too but I hear it did not do well in the UK	Yes they stopped it after just episodes, do you know why?
Yes they stopped it after just episodes, do you know why?	They remade it verbatim and I really think that did not work
They remade it verbatim and I really think that did not work	Yes it is a different country and different humor
Yes it is a different country and different humor	Exactly. Nice chat!!
Exactly. Nice chat!!	hi how are you? what do you think of Kim Jong-un?
hi how are you? what do you think of Kim Jong-un?	I heard he is editing pictures to portray a different history. If he is trying to fool people that is despicable.
I heard he is editing pictures to portray a different history. If he is trying to fool people that is despicable.	He is a crafty one, that is for sure. i would NEVER trust that guy, mostly because of what he does to his own people.
He is a crafty one, that is for sure. i would NEVER trust that guy, mostly because of what he does to his own people.	I wonder if the assumption that he learned to drive at age 3 is merely propaganda to make him look more advanced than the average person.
I wonder if the assumption that he learned to drive at age 3 is merely propaganda to make him look more advanced than the average person.	Is there any truth in anything in that country? ive heard that they use a lot of amphetamine. that would make sense.
Is there any truth in anything in that country? ive heard that they use a lot of amphetamine. that would make sense.	I guess North Korea didn't have a leader until 1948. There is a lot I don't know about history.
I guess North Korea didn't have a leader until 1948. There is a lot I don't know about history.	Yeah, the country was pulled apart after WW II. it had been a colony of Japan. a sad history really.
Yeah, the country was pulled apart after WW II. it had been a colony of Japan. a sad history really.	I don't know a lot about America's presidents either, which is disappointing because America is my native country. I didn't pay much attention in history class in high school.
I don't know a lot about America's presidents either, which is disappointing because America is my native country. I didn't pay much attention in history class in high school.	is there a problem with server here? Sorry, I didnt pay attention in high school either LOL
is there a problem with server here? Sorry, I didnt pay attention in high school either LOL	I imagine if I was a student in zimbabwe, my ears would have perked up when I heard the first president of zimbabwe was called banana, and afterwards I would have always paid attention in history class.
I imagine if I was a student in zimbabwe, my ears would have perked up when I heard the first president of zimbabwe was called banana, and afterwards I would have always paid attention in history class.	Yeah, what a nickname! I wonder if Kim has a nickname. We should probably give Trump one too.
Yeah, what a nickname! I wonder if Kim has a nickname. We should probably give Trump one too.	Kim Jong Un was once called the sexiest man alive.
Kim Jong Un was once called the sexiest man alive.	Yeah, the onion did a great job on that story. It was very believable
Yeah, the onion did a great job on that story. It was very believable	Oh sorry, silly me. I guess when they said the onion they meant the fake news website. "Sexiest man alive" is a title that is dubious anyway, so even if a reputable source called him that, I still wouldn't believe it.
Oh sorry, silly me. I guess when they said the onion they meant the fake news website. "Sexiest man alive" is a title that is dubious anyway, so even if a reputable source called him that, I still wouldn't believe it.	Yes, when the onion called me the sexiest man alive, i fell for it the first time. Never again! Boy, me and Kim JU really fell for that one hard.
Yes, when the onion called me the sexiest man alive, i fell for it the first time. Never again! Boy, me and Kim JU really fell for that one hard.	I think that is a problem, that someone can unintentionally create so much influential fake news. The onion is meant to be funny, but China, perhaps not able to translate the page very well, believed it as true.
I think that is a problem, that someone can unintentionally create so much influential fake news. The onion is meant to be funny, but China, perhaps not able to translate the page very well, believed it as true.	Yeah, the chinese govt has misread a lot of onion articles. and they never seem to learn about sarcasm, irony, and stuff.
Yeah, the chinese govt has misread a lot of onion articles. and they never seem to learn about sarcasm, irony, and stuff.	It reminds me of that scare that happened in the United States when people believed an alien invasion was actually taking place based on a fictional show they heard on the radio.
It reminds me of that scare that happened in the United States when people believed an alien invasion was actually taking place based on a fictional show they heard on the radio.	War of the Worlds. during the broadcast they repeatedly told people it was fiction. Anyway, great chat!
War of the Worlds. during the broadcast they repeatedly told people it was fiction. Anyway, great chat!	Yeah. Do you think something similar to that has happened in other countries
Yeah. Do you think something similar to that has happened in other countries	it would not surprise me. People are gullible everywhere! Have a good weekend!
it would not surprise me. People are gullible everywhere! Have a good weekend!	You too. Thanks for the chat.
You too. Thanks for the chat.	hi, DO you like to watch tv?
hi, DO you like to watch tv?	Yeah, I watch some shows regularly here and there!
Yeah, I watch some shows regularly here and there!	Me too! I did like the Simpsons before when I was younger
Me too! I did like the Simpsons before when I was younger	I haven't watched it in awhile, but I try to catch the Halloween eps! Did you know there's only ONE ep where Bart does not appear?
I haven't watched it in awhile, but I try to catch the Halloween eps! Did you know there's only ONE ep where Bart does not appear?	Yes , I have to find it! Did you know the Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of south park when airing the family guy episode finale
Yes , I have to find it! Did you know the Simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers of south park when airing the family guy episode finale	Oh man, I can only imagine! I know Simpsons and Family Guy have a bit of friendly rivalry going on. Did you see the crossover ep between the two?
Oh man, I can only imagine! I know Simpsons and Family Guy have a bit of friendly rivalry going on. Did you see the crossover ep between the two?	I did not! But I would love to!
I did not! But I would love to!	Yeah, it was actually a Family Guy two partner, they go to Springfield. It had a lot of funny moments. Hard to believe the show's been on the air for about twenty years!
Yeah, it was actually a Family Guy two partner, they go to Springfield. It had a lot of funny moments. Hard to believe the show's been on the air for about twenty years!	Yes, It is a classic! Talking about classics remember Thomas the tank engine?
Yes, It is a classic! Talking about classics remember Thomas the tank engine?	Oh yeah, I remember that show. Bit after my time but I'm told it's really popular among autistic kids (among others.)
Oh yeah, I remember that show. Bit after my time but I'm told it's really popular among autistic kids (among others.)	Yes is cute! some famous people narrated in the show, like Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin
Yes is cute! some famous people narrated in the show, like Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin	Wow, George Carlin narrated it? That just seems so bizarre given how cynical he comes off as in his comedy shows, that he'd have anything to do with something sweet and light like Thomas the Tank engine!
Wow, George Carlin narrated it? That just seems so bizarre given how cynical he comes off as in his comedy shows, that he'd have anything to do with something sweet and light like Thomas the Tank engine!	well and I think did a good job because each of these guys narrated at least 52 episodes
well and I think did a good job because each of these guys narrated at least 52 episodes	That's a lot! Speaking of a lot, do you know there's over 750 episodes of the show Pokemon? That's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
That's a lot! Speaking of a lot, do you know there's over 750 episodes of the show Pokemon? That's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.	Wow that is a lot. 16 years of just Pokemon. I could not take it!
Wow that is a lot. 16 years of just Pokemon. I could not take it!	Come to think of it, that might even be MORE episodes than what we have of the Simpsons... think they were up to about 600 or so. Course, there's a lot of episode of Pokemon we never got to see if you're outside of Japan.
Come to think of it, that might even be MORE episodes than what we have of the Simpsons... think they were up to about 600 or so. Course, there's a lot of episode of Pokemon we never got to see if you're outside of Japan.	Wow,remember 70's show? It was made verbatim for UK but is did not work
Wow,remember 70's show? It was made verbatim for UK but is did not work	Yeah, think it was cancelled after only ten eps or so. What's interesting there are lot of shows that get "imported" to the US from other countries. for instance, The Office is a UK show that got an American version.
Yeah, think it was cancelled after only ten eps or so. What's interesting there are lot of shows that get "imported" to the US from other countries. for instance, The Office is a UK show that got an American version.	Ok, sometimes is a success in one place and then in another does not work!... People have been talking theses days about Kim Jong, there is a teacher's guide from N. Korea that says he learned to drive at the age of 3.
Ok, sometimes is a success in one place and then in another does not work!... People have been talking theses days about Kim Jong, there is a teacher's guide from N. Korea that says he learned to drive at the age of 3.	Yeah, there's all kinds of interesting "facts" floating around in that country about Kim Jong. I've heard elsewhere it's taught as a "fact" that he invented hamburgers.
Yeah, there's all kinds of interesting "facts" floating around in that country about Kim Jong. I've heard elsewhere it's taught as a "fact" that he invented hamburgers.	It is so sad! Well it was a nice chat! Have a good one
It is so sad! Well it was a nice chat! Have a good one	Do you follow the news?
Do you follow the news?	Hello - yes I do follow the news. What about you?
Hello - yes I do follow the news. What about you?	I do too. I read that Kim Jung Un wants to meet with Donal Trump again. I wonder why?
I do too. I read that Kim Jung Un wants to meet with Donal Trump again. I wonder why?	I saw that as well. I think it's another summit which the first one proved to be successful so hopefully this one is as well.
I saw that as well. I think it's another summit which the first one proved to be successful so hopefully this one is as well.	Do you think Kim Jung Un just wants the recognition of Trump?
Do you think Kim Jung Un just wants the recognition of Trump?	I'm not too sure what his motive is to be honest.
I'm not too sure what his motive is to be honest.	Maybe just to be on the same footing as the world leaders. did you hear about the Canadian Docs and their pay raises?
Maybe just to be on the same footing as the world leaders. did you hear about the Canadian Docs and their pay raises?	I did not hear about them and their pay raises. What did they get?
I did not hear about them and their pay raises. What did they get?	They don't want them! The docs are saying they already make too much money! I'm like What?
They don't want them! The docs are saying they already make too much money! I'm like What?	HAHA! That's just crazy! Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
HAHA! That's just crazy! Did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?	I did. Do you think trump will join them?
I did. Do you think trump will join them?	I think he is definitely up there. I can't recall what he is worth.
I think he is definitely up there. I can't recall what he is worth.	I bet he is. Did you read about the women in Iran pulling off their head scarves? I hope they do not get punished for it.
I bet he is. Did you read about the women in Iran pulling off their head scarves? I hope they do not get punished for it.	I didn't hear that, but I bet that is dangerous to do. I was in Iraq twice with the war so I know how that goes.
I didn't hear that, but I bet that is dangerous to do. I was in Iraq twice with the war so I know how that goes.	Thank you for your service! My husband is an Army vet. I know how hard being in those places are. Thank you.
Thank you for your service! My husband is an Army vet. I know how hard being in those places are. Thank you.	Oh wow that's awesome. Thank him for his service too. I was in the Marines and served two tours in Iraq from 2004-2008.
Oh wow that's awesome. Thank him for his service too. I was in the Marines and served two tours in Iraq from 2004-2008.	I'm glad you're home. Japanese towns are struggling with wild boars! That would be some good eating!
I'm glad you're home. Japanese towns are struggling with wild boars! That would be some good eating!	That would be some good eating. I've never tried boar before, but I do love bacon and pork.
That would be some good eating. I've never tried boar before, but I do love bacon and pork.	Bacon. Yumm! The boars are coming in to eat the abandoned rice patties and staying!
Bacon. Yumm! The boars are coming in to eat the abandoned rice patties and staying!	Wow that's not good. Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?
Wow that's not good. Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?	My gosh yes. My kids made me sit thru all of them!! Something like 16 years of episodes right?
My gosh yes. My kids made me sit thru all of them!! Something like 16 years of episodes right?	Wow that's crazy. I believe they said 16 years. It was great talking to you!
Wow that's crazy. I believe they said 16 years. It was great talking to you!	Hi there! do you like to watch television?
Hi there! do you like to watch television?	Yes I do. I have spent countless hours watching Pokemon.
Yes I do. I have spent countless hours watching Pokemon.	Nice. Do you think you've watched all 750 episodes?
Nice. Do you think you've watched all 750 episodes?	Twice. That amounts to about two weeks of my life every year for 16 years. No wonder I am odd. It could be worse. I could have spent the time watching That 70s Show...
Twice. That amounts to about two weeks of my life every year for 16 years. No wonder I am odd. It could be worse. I could have spent the time watching That 70s Show...	lol I liked that show. I saw they redid it for the UK and called it Days like these but it flopped.
lol I liked that show. I saw they redid it for the UK and called it Days like these but it flopped.	10 episodes was all the Brits could take of it. They have more common sense than we have...
10 episodes was all the Brits could take of it. They have more common sense than we have...	Nice. Since you watched Pokemon, did you also watch Thomas the Tank?
Nice. Since you watched Pokemon, did you also watch Thomas the Tank?	Oh, yes! My favorite narrator was George Carlin.
Oh, yes! My favorite narrator was George Carlin.	Nice. I also liked Ringo Starr too.
Nice. I also liked Ringo Starr too.	Didyou see him on the Simpsons? I think it was the episode right after the one where Bart was not present or even referred to on the show. Only one of those...
Didyou see him on the Simpsons? I think it was the episode right after the one where Bart was not present or even referred to on the show. Only one of those...	I've seen so many Simpsons episodes I can't recall them all. lol
I've seen so many Simpsons episodes I can't recall them all. lol	Then maybe they should send flowers to you in honor of your patronage!
Then maybe they should send flowers to you in honor of your patronage!	Nice! lol I find it amusing that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for a role because he didn't fit the role of a president.
Nice! lol I find it amusing that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for a role because he didn't fit the role of a president.	Entertainment is in the eye of the beholder. When Caesar visited Britain around 50BC, he noted that the Brits considered breeding chickens to be their entertainment.
Entertainment is in the eye of the beholder. When Caesar visited Britain around 50BC, he noted that the Brits considered breeding chickens to be their entertainment.	They must have been pretty bored back then. I used to play the original nintedo that displayed 54 colors for my entertainment.
They must have been pretty bored back then. I used to play the original nintedo that displayed 54 colors for my entertainment.	Nice. Too bad the system was discontinued in 2003.
Nice. Too bad the system was discontinued in 2003.	I think that's when they switched over to the Game Cube. Did you watch Bill Nye the science guy?
I think that's when they switched over to the Game Cube. Did you watch Bill Nye the science guy?	No. He is a poor substitute for Steve Martin.
No. He is a poor substitute for Steve Martin.	lol I didn't think he looks like him either even though he won the lookalike contest to get discovered.
lol I didn't think he looks like him either even though he won the lookalike contest to get discovered.	Not my kind of entertainment. I prefer cruising in my Cadillac, a brand named after the dude who founded detroit.
Not my kind of entertainment. I prefer cruising in my Cadillac, a brand named after the dude who founded detroit.	Nice! Thanks for the chat!
Nice! Thanks for the chat!	do you like cars?
do you like cars?	Love them. DO you know who and when invented the drive thru?
Love them. DO you know who and when invented the drive thru?	Yes that was McDonald's back in 1975
Yes that was McDonald's back in 1975	Yes and do you know why they did that?
Yes and do you know why they did that?	Yes because soldiers were not allowed out of their cars in fatigues
Yes because soldiers were not allowed out of their cars in fatigues	Yeah. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?
Yeah. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?	Yes the old cars used to have wooden trunks
Yes the old cars used to have wooden trunks	Yeah. Do you know how Cadillac got its name?
Yeah. Do you know how Cadillac got its name?	Yes after the founder of Detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac
Yes after the founder of Detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac	Yeah. Do you know how Mardenborough became a professional driver?
Yeah. Do you know how Mardenborough became a professional driver?	Yes he beat 90,000 people to a game of gran turismo
Yes he beat 90,000 people to a game of gran turismo	Yes what a guy. In south africa you can put flame throwers in your car
Yes what a guy. In south africa you can put flame throwers in your car	Yes to protect them. Did you ever play with a Nintendo?
Yes to protect them. Did you ever play with a Nintendo?	Yes it was so much fun, Too bad it got discontinued in 2003
Yes it was so much fun, Too bad it got discontinued in 2003	Yes. It only had 54 colors believe it or not
Yes. It only had 54 colors believe it or not	Yes but it was still too much fun to play with it
Yes but it was still too much fun to play with it	True, Do you know who Bill Nye is?
True, Do you know who Bill Nye is?	Yes the science guy. Do you know how he got into entertainment?
Yes the science guy. Do you know how he got into entertainment?	Yes he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest
Yes he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest	That is so funny. Nice chat
That is so funny. Nice chat	Same here
Same here	Hi there , looking forward to chat with You !
Hi there , looking forward to chat with You !	Hello! Do you watch a lot of TV?
Hello! Do you watch a lot of TV?	I'm watching a lot of movies and tv shows ;) is that what You're asking ? ;)
I'm watching a lot of movies and tv shows ;) is that what You're asking ? ;)	Yes. I like comedies. They remade That 70's Show in the UK and it was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
Yes. I like comedies. They remade That 70's Show in the UK and it was cancelled after only 10 episodes.	Really ? It was pretty popular here ( US version ) I wonder what happened... No Ashton ? ;)
Really ? It was pretty popular here ( US version ) I wonder what happened... No Ashton ? ;)	I guess not! It was remade word for word, but with British actors.
I guess not! It was remade word for word, but with British actors.	Maybe it's the accent that didn't work with the dialogues ;) lol
Maybe it's the accent that didn't work with the dialogues ;) lol	Probably true! I used to watch The Simpsons a lot. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned!
Probably true! I used to watch The Simpsons a lot. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned!	That's interesting. I love cartoons like Simpsons, South Park or Family Guy where are filled with good level satire of today's events ! Don't You ?
That's interesting. I love cartoons like Simpsons, South Park or Family Guy where are filled with good level satire of today's events ! Don't You ?	Yes, me too! When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.
Yes, me too! When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.	You see I thought I watched all the South Park episodes but apparently I missed that one... did You see it ?
You see I thought I watched all the South Park episodes but apparently I missed that one... did You see it ?	I didn't, but I would like to. We had a giant TV growing up. Now, most TVs are flat screen.
I didn't, but I would like to. We had a giant TV growing up. Now, most TVs are flat screen.	Actually there is a new technology coming, not sure what it's called but now tvs will be as flat and see thru that You can roll them and take with You whenever You want... future is here ! ;)
Actually there is a new technology coming, not sure what it's called but now tvs will be as flat and see thru that You can roll them and take with You whenever You want... future is here ! ;)	Wow. That's so cool! Major manufacturers announced the discontinuation of CRT, DLP, plasma, and even fluorescent-backlit LCDs by the mid-2010s.
Wow. That's so cool! Major manufacturers announced the discontinuation of CRT, DLP, plasma, and even fluorescent-backlit LCDs by the mid-2010s.	interesting. What do yOu think about those "curved" tvs that were released couple years ago ?
interesting. What do yOu think about those "curved" tvs that were released couple years ago ?	They're pretty neat. TVs became common way back after World War II
They're pretty neat. TVs became common way back after World War II	Yeah but they were HUGE :) and expensive... only some could afford it...
Yeah but they were HUGE :) and expensive... only some could afford it...	True. Just like cars when they first came out. Now they are so common that there are more than 1.25 billion vehicles.
True. Just like cars when they first came out. Now they are so common that there are more than 1.25 billion vehicles.	yeah... that's getting out of control... I'm from NY and You cant part anywhere... AND I LIVE ON LONG ISLAND ! ;) lol
yeah... that's getting out of control... I'm from NY and You cant part anywhere... AND I LIVE ON LONG ISLAND ! ;) lol	Haha. Not good! It's been nice chatting with you. Have a great day!
Haha. Not good! It's been nice chatting with you. Have a great day!	You too, thank You for chatting ! :)
You too, thank You for chatting ! :)	How's it going? Have any interest in cars? The first car was invented by Karl Benz of Germany
How's it going? Have any interest in cars? The first car was invented by Karl Benz of Germany	Interesting. Where would we be without cars? I enjoy driving. The history of cars is earlier than in the US.
Interesting. Where would we be without cars? I enjoy driving. The history of cars is earlier than in the US.	Yea, a lot of people automatically associate cars with the Model T and Henry Ford but not as much know it was invented in Germany
Yea, a lot of people automatically associate cars with the Model T and Henry Ford but not as much know it was invented in Germany	That's right. Did you know that the trunk was named because people would carry a wooden trunk on the back of their car?
That's right. Did you know that the trunk was named because people would carry a wooden trunk on the back of their car?	No, had not idea although a wooden truck seems dangerous, especially in South Africa where it is legal to equip flame throwers onto cars
No, had not idea although a wooden truck seems dangerous, especially in South Africa where it is legal to equip flame throwers onto cars	Wow, can you imagine that in our culture today. People need to get more involved in entertainment. Not of the video kind, but more of the group stuff like dance, theater, etc.
Wow, can you imagine that in our culture today. People need to get more involved in entertainment. Not of the video kind, but more of the group stuff like dance, theater, etc.	Yea, I have playing the nes classic quite a bit, it's funny it can only display 54 colors on a large screen tv
Yea, I have playing the nes classic quite a bit, it's funny it can only display 54 colors on a large screen tv	I guess tv is more developed today. It's fun to watch a movie that was produced in black and white, and now it's been converted to beautiful color!
I guess tv is more developed today. It's fun to watch a movie that was produced in black and white, and now it's been converted to beautiful color!	Yea, I guess the nes was quite popular, it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan
Yea, I guess the nes was quite popular, it wasn't discontinued until 2003 in Japan	I'd rather watch movies. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie because he didn't come across as presidential? Ha.
I'd rather watch movies. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie because he didn't come across as presidential? Ha.	No i had no clue, I wonder if Bill Nye has a presidential look in addition to his Steve Martin look
No i had no clue, I wonder if Bill Nye has a presidential look in addition to his Steve Martin look	Ha. He is interesting to watch and kids can learn a lot from his presentations. Too bad television isn't more useful in education.
Ha. He is interesting to watch and kids can learn a lot from his presentations. Too bad television isn't more useful in education.	Yea, PBS isn't the same as it use to be when Alec Baldwin, George Carlin, and Ringo Starr narrated Thomas the Tank Engine
Yea, PBS isn't the same as it use to be when Alec Baldwin, George Carlin, and Ringo Starr narrated Thomas the Tank Engine	Do you know the Australian actor, Jason Clarke who played Ted Kennedy in the "Chappaquiddick" movie. That news story was almost devestating to Ted Kennedy's career.
Do you know the Australian actor, Jason Clarke who played Ted Kennedy in the "Chappaquiddick" movie. That news story was almost devestating to Ted Kennedy's career.	Not much, I didn't even know they made a Ted Kennedy movie about Kennedy and Mary Jo Kopechne
Not much, I didn't even know they made a Ted Kennedy movie about Kennedy and Mary Jo Kopechne	Well, it was many years after the incident. I think it was just within the last year. I suppose the Kennedy name kept it from production while they were still alive.
Well, it was many years after the incident. I think it was just within the last year. I suppose the Kennedy name kept it from production while they were still alive.	That's a shame Ted Kennedy blocked, I think it's an important story that needs to be told and Kate Mara did a good job playing Kopechne
That's a shame Ted Kennedy blocked, I think it's an important story that needs to be told and Kate Mara did a good job playing Kopechne	Goes to show what drinking can do to a life. Ruins it. Even though he was not hindered in his political career, the bad notoriety continued to haunt him.
Goes to show what drinking can do to a life. Ruins it. Even though he was not hindered in his political career, the bad notoriety continued to haunt him.	Yea, I wonder how well of a job the film did showing how the Kennedy family covered up the accident
Yea, I wonder how well of a job the film did showing how the Kennedy family covered up the accident	It presented the facts, but still was not condemning. The movie writers handled everything well- the love affair cover up, the justifications, and the ambiguity.
It presented the facts, but still was not condemning. The movie writers handled everything well- the love affair cover up, the justifications, and the ambiguity.	I see. Well I got to go. Nice talking with you
I see. Well I got to go. Nice talking with you	What do you do for entertainment?
What do you do for entertainment?	I am a fan of the OG Nintendo, you know the one with Duck Hunt
I am a fan of the OG Nintendo, you know the one with Duck Hunt	I love it too! Do you know there is only 54 colors on it
I love it too! Do you know there is only 54 colors on it	That is sort of surprising. I guess I remember it being really colorful looking as a kid.
That is sort of surprising. I guess I remember it being really colorful looking as a kid.	For sure, I can't imagine how many new consoles have in them. They just stopped making nintendos in japan in 2003
For sure, I can't imagine how many new consoles have in them. They just stopped making nintendos in japan in 2003	Have you seen the rerelease that is all digital? It is really cool. All of the iconic games.
Have you seen the rerelease that is all digital? It is really cool. All of the iconic games.	I have, I still need to get mine. I got the sega one and it wasn't the same. Do you watch TV?
I have, I still need to get mine. I got the sega one and it wasn't the same. Do you watch TV?	I do every now and again, when ever I travel since I cut cable. I always loved the Simpsons, family guy, and American dad.
I do every now and again, when ever I travel since I cut cable. I always loved the Simpsons, family guy, and American dad.	Me too, I like south park too. They had a funny family guy simpsons episode
Me too, I like south park too. They had a funny family guy simpsons episode	I heard they got flowers from the Simpsons crew for that one.
I heard they got flowers from the Simpsons crew for that one.	yea, it was so great! I was into pokemon too, there is 750 episdoes to watch
yea, it was so great! I was into pokemon too, there is 750 episdoes to watch	They have been on the air for about 16 years. Pretty crazy. I play the iphone game, but missed the rest of the craze.
They have been on the air for about 16 years. Pretty crazy. I play the iphone game, but missed the rest of the craze.	I used to watch so many as a kid and had all the pokemon cards, they made a comeback but im too old now for those
I used to watch so many as a kid and had all the pokemon cards, they made a comeback but im too old now for those	They are like first editions, might be worth something if you still have them.
They are like first editions, might be worth something if you still have them.	some were, I will have to check them out. It was like 22 years ago i think
some were, I will have to check them out. It was like 22 years ago i think	Have you ever heard of Days Like These?
Have you ever heard of Days Like These?	I have not, what is that about?
I have not, what is that about?	It was the verbatim remake of That 70s show in the UK... it didnt fare too well.
It was the verbatim remake of That 70s show in the UK... it didnt fare too well.	I heard that, it only lasted like 10 episodes! Good chatting with you!
I heard that, it only lasted like 10 episodes! Good chatting with you!	Same here! Have a great night!
Same here! Have a great night!	you too!
you too!	Hi! It is world toilet day lol.
Hi! It is world toilet day lol.	I was just thinking something along those lines haha. I don't often read about poop but I suppose it's an important thing to know about haha
I was just thinking something along those lines haha. I don't often read about poop but I suppose it's an important thing to know about haha	Yes, it seems there is a need for sanitation awareness, because some countries are without.
Yes, it seems there is a need for sanitation awareness, because some countries are without.	I never knew that Delhi is blanketing with a toxic poop smog. How awful! Maybe some community leaders could find a more effective way to get the sanitation rules across.
I never knew that Delhi is blanketing with a toxic poop smog. How awful! Maybe some community leaders could find a more effective way to get the sanitation rules across.	You would think laws would be made to prevent going to the bathroom in the streets.
You would think laws would be made to prevent going to the bathroom in the streets.	For sure! And I also would think that having more women in leadership positions may help the issues they face.
For sure! And I also would think that having more women in leadership positions may help the issues they face.	Yes, because they're health is most effected by sanitation issues during their childbearing years.
Yes, because they're health is most effected by sanitation issues during their childbearing years.	Yes, and they are usually their children's primary caregiver and can teach the kids good habits. I can't even imagine what its like in the slums where people don't even have access to their own toilets. I guess I take some things for granted!
Yes, and they are usually their children's primary caregiver and can teach the kids good habits. I can't even imagine what its like in the slums where people don't even have access to their own toilets. I guess I take some things for granted!	Me too. i can't imagine not having indoor plumbing. I just read they have a higher rate of childhood mortality directly related to the lack of sanitation. I feel sad now.
Me too. i can't imagine not having indoor plumbing. I just read they have a higher rate of childhood mortality directly related to the lack of sanitation. I feel sad now.	I do too! The more I learn, the more sad I become. Women have to be afraid to even go outside to go to the bathroom in fear of encountering violence. They really need to find a solution and I bet mass media would be the best bet ultimately.
I do too! The more I learn, the more sad I become. Women have to be afraid to even go outside to go to the bathroom in fear of encountering violence. They really need to find a solution and I bet mass media would be the best bet ultimately.	On a lighter note, I just learned some cool facts about radio.
On a lighter note, I just learned some cool facts about radio.	Ooohh, I like the radio! Enlighten me with some fun facts please.
Ooohh, I like the radio! Enlighten me with some fun facts please.	WWII Soldiers used razor blades and pencils to make radios!
WWII Soldiers used razor blades and pencils to make radios!	the concept of making radios and the radio waves is difficult for me haha. I find it interesting that anything happening on Jupiter can be heard on the radio here.
the concept of making radios and the radio waves is difficult for me haha. I find it interesting that anything happening on Jupiter can be heard on the radio here.	Yes, oh my..the thought we can hear the radio storms on am radio astounds me!
Yes, oh my..the thought we can hear the radio storms on am radio astounds me!	seems like most things are digital these days. i enjoy listening to podcasts! It's how I learn things basically haha. I wonder what website it is that you can listen to free radio dramas.
seems like most things are digital these days. i enjoy listening to podcasts! It's how I learn things basically haha. I wonder what website it is that you can listen to free radio dramas.	Maybe we could youtube it to find out?
Maybe we could youtube it to find out?	i will have to do that later! I guess i stopped listening to the radio mainly because of commericals. At least Canada knows what's up with making it a law for radio to play music at least 40% of the time haha
i will have to do that later! I guess i stopped listening to the radio mainly because of commericals. At least Canada knows what's up with making it a law for radio to play music at least 40% of the time haha	That sounds funny to me. Does that mean it just needs to be in English or does it need to be directly related to the Canadian people?
That sounds funny to me. Does that mean it just needs to be in English or does it need to be directly related to the Canadian people?	I guess I am not really sure! Good question.Canada is another place I want to visit someday.
I guess I am not really sure! Good question.Canada is another place I want to visit someday.	I've been there a few times. It's beautiful.
I've been there a few times. It's beautiful.	I am all about natural beauty and don't actually live to far from the border. One of these days, I'll drive up. Nice talking to you!
I am all about natural beauty and don't actually live to far from the border. One of these days, I'll drive up. Nice talking to you!	There's lots of news on television about the government today. I guess that's to be expected on Sunday morning. I've heard the pundits use the term "constitution" repeatedly; at least I have the freedom to change the channel if I want to, I guess. :)
There's lots of news on television about the government today. I guess that's to be expected on Sunday morning. I've heard the pundits use the term "constitution" repeatedly; at least I have the freedom to change the channel if I want to, I guess. :)	That is always good. I find it hard to watch the news these days. Everything is so slanted, no one just reports facts anymore.
That is always good. I find it hard to watch the news these days. Everything is so slanted, no one just reports facts anymore.	That's so true. Freedom of the press has taken a strange turn; that leaves the door open for non-profit media like Wikileaks to gain more traction. Sometimes it's best just to watch tv for entertainment or just turn it off all together.
That's so true. Freedom of the press has taken a strange turn; that leaves the door open for non-profit media like Wikileaks to gain more traction. Sometimes it's best just to watch tv for entertainment or just turn it off all together.	I agree. I cut cable a few years ago so I get news posts via social media. I truly dont miss it that much. I do miss watching shows like the Simpsons though
I agree. I cut cable a few years ago so I get news posts via social media. I truly dont miss it that much. I do miss watching shows like the Simpsons though	The Simpsons are awesome! Such good satire. I thought it was funny when the crew of the Simpsons sent South Park producers flowers after SP skewered Family Guy in one episode. I'm not a fan of FG, but SP is a guilty pleasure.
The Simpsons are awesome! Such good satire. I thought it was funny when the crew of the Simpsons sent South Park producers flowers after SP skewered Family Guy in one episode. I'm not a fan of FG, but SP is a guilty pleasure.	I enjoy some FG, I think it is funny that Simpsons sent flowers. There is only one episode of the simpsons where bart doesnt appear or gets a mention. That is crazy.
I enjoy some FG, I think it is funny that Simpsons sent flowers. There is only one episode of the simpsons where bart doesnt appear or gets a mention. That is crazy.	That is crazy. Especially since they've had over 600 episodes. It's amazing they can still keep thinking of new ideas. I guess the same could be said about Pokemon: 750 episodes over 16 years.
That is crazy. Especially since they've had over 600 episodes. It's amazing they can still keep thinking of new ideas. I guess the same could be said about Pokemon: 750 episodes over 16 years.	I know, new pokemon keep coming out. I was never into the show too much but I play the pokemongo.
I know, new pokemon keep coming out. I was never into the show too much but I play the pokemongo.	I can honestly say that I have never seen an episode, but apparently a lot of people must like it. Did you ever watch That 70's Show? A lot of people like that, but I never got into that one, either.
I can honestly say that I have never seen an episode, but apparently a lot of people must like it. Did you ever watch That 70's Show? A lot of people like that, but I never got into that one, either.	I didnt get in to that one. I heard that there was a version made in the UK that failed after to episodes.
I didnt get in to that one. I heard that there was a version made in the UK that failed after to episodes.	Apparently that kind of humor didn't translate overseas. The same might be said of radio programs, I suppose. In Finland, there's a radio station that broadcasts news in classical Latin. I don't see that being very popular here in the states.
Apparently that kind of humor didn't translate overseas. The same might be said of radio programs, I suppose. In Finland, there's a radio station that broadcasts news in classical Latin. I don't see that being very popular here in the states.	I dont know many people fluent in classical Latin. I took two years in HS and cant remember a bit of it.
I dont know many people fluent in classical Latin. I took two years in HS and cant remember a bit of it.	That's pretty impressive. I know nothing about it at all. Who knows, you might be able to decipher a phrase or two still. Do you listen to the radio a lot?
That's pretty impressive. I know nothing about it at all. Who knows, you might be able to decipher a phrase or two still. Do you listen to the radio a lot?	I listen a bit while driving sometimes, but Im more into some podcasts. I know there is a website where you can listen to classical radio dramas for free.
I listen a bit while driving sometimes, but Im more into some podcasts. I know there is a website where you can listen to classical radio dramas for free.	That might be interesting. It might make driving time go by faster if the drama was particularly engaging. Usually I prefer listening to music to pass the time. When I was growing up, we only had am radio at home, so I love my satellite radio now.
That might be interesting. It might make driving time go by faster if the drama was particularly engaging. Usually I prefer listening to music to pass the time. When I was growing up, we only had am radio at home, so I love my satellite radio now.	Did you ever catch Jupiter's storms on AM radio?
Did you ever catch Jupiter's storms on AM radio?	HA! No I did not, just some baseball games, farm markets, and old school country music.
HA! No I did not, just some baseball games, farm markets, and old school country music.	That's cool. I remember having to switch back from AM to FM to try to get something to listen to that wasnt static. My has it all changed.
That's cool. I remember having to switch back from AM to FM to try to get something to listen to that wasnt static. My has it all changed.	Yes, it has. I've heard that WWII soldiers made makeshift radios from razorblades and pencils. It's crazy to think how important mass communication can be to us.
Yes, it has. I've heard that WWII soldiers made makeshift radios from razorblades and pencils. It's crazy to think how important mass communication can be to us.	It is crazy. When TV or internet goes out we dont know what to do.
It is crazy. When TV or internet goes out we dont know what to do.	That is so true. Technology has come a long way and caused us to be a bit dependent. Thanks for the chat today. It has been quite enjoyable.
That is so true. Technology has come a long way and caused us to be a bit dependent. Thanks for the chat today. It has been quite enjoyable.	It has. Have a good day!
It has. Have a good day!	Chen Xiaoping is a New York based editor at Mirror Media Group who thinks his wife was kidnapped. There are communications from a youtube video from a Chinese woman addressing her husband and saying she hasn't contacted him due to relationship issues and to stop writing.
Chen Xiaoping is a New York based editor at Mirror Media Group who thinks his wife was kidnapped. There are communications from a youtube video from a Chinese woman addressing her husband and saying she hasn't contacted him due to relationship issues and to stop writing.	Yeah I guess in 2017 Chen began interviewing billionaire Guo Wengui and aired his reports on Huopai's you tube channel.
Yeah I guess in 2017 Chen began interviewing billionaire Guo Wengui and aired his reports on Huopai's you tube channel.	Only 18 days before Chen was going to interview Guo for the sixth time in NYC Chinese authorities grabbed his wife in Guangzhou China and kept her incommunicado for some 120 days until a day after Chen released a letter to the Chinese government for info on his wife
Only 18 days before Chen was going to interview Guo for the sixth time in NYC Chinese authorities grabbed his wife in Guangzhou China and kept her incommunicado for some 120 days until a day after Chen released a letter to the Chinese government for info on his wife	Yeah I have heard that China is also thought to directly threaten Guo as well.
Yeah I have heard that China is also thought to directly threaten Guo as well.	Chen thinks that his wife's disappearance is related to his career in media
Chen thinks that his wife's disappearance is related to his career in media	I think he might be right. In 2014 and 2015 Chinese officials arrested 3 brothers of Shohret Hoshur who is a journalist who reported on the crackdown on the Ulighur minority.
I think he might be right. In 2014 and 2015 Chinese officials arrested 3 brothers of Shohret Hoshur who is a journalist who reported on the crackdown on the Ulighur minority.	This isn't the first time Chinese authorities terrorized family members overseas as these activities have angered communists
This isn't the first time Chinese authorities terrorized family members overseas as these activities have angered communists	Yeah it is scary to think of that kind of stuff, I personally don't prefer to live in China.
Yeah it is scary to think of that kind of stuff, I personally don't prefer to live in China.	According to the Wall Street Journal, China sent 4 officials form its Ministry of State Security to NYC to meet with Guo and give him instructions to stop criticizing the Chinese government
According to the Wall Street Journal, China sent 4 officials form its Ministry of State Security to NYC to meet with Guo and give him instructions to stop criticizing the Chinese government	I guess China's largest state-run tv station broadcasts its pro-Beijing message on cable tv here in the U.S.
I guess China's largest state-run tv station broadcasts its pro-Beijing message on cable tv here in the U.S.	The state-run China Daily provides pro-chinese reports
The state-run China Daily provides pro-chinese reports	Did you know that wikileaks published the government's plan to destroy wikileaks?
Did you know that wikileaks published the government's plan to destroy wikileaks?	That's a little strange! Did you hear that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the us government
That's a little strange! Did you hear that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the us government	No I didn't know that, wow that is a lot. I guess a man impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower, twice.
No I didn't know that, wow that is a lot. I guess a man impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower, twice.	That is really odd. According to Canada's laws all radios have to play at least 40% Canadian music
That is really odd. According to Canada's laws all radios have to play at least 40% Canadian music	That is crazy, I didn't know there were that many Canadian bands around.
That is crazy, I didn't know there were that many Canadian bands around.	Interestingly, soldiers in WWII made simple radios out of a razorblade and pencil
Interestingly, soldiers in WWII made simple radios out of a razorblade and pencil	That is very cool. I also know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free.
That is very cool. I also know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free.	There are more than 750 episodes of Pokemon? Have you seen any?
There are more than 750 episodes of Pokemon? Have you seen any?	Wow! No I have never seen a single episode.
Wow! No I have never seen a single episode.	Me neither, not interested in Pokemon or the 70's show which was remade verbatim in the uk
Me neither, not interested in Pokemon or the 70's show which was remade verbatim in the uk	Is your toilet clean?
Is your toilet clean?	What a way to start a conversation, lol! I guess it should be for world toilet day.
What a way to start a conversation, lol! I guess it should be for world toilet day.	Hahahaaaa... i thought you would appreciate it! Do you watch south park?
Hahahaaaa... i thought you would appreciate it! Do you watch south park?	I do not but obviously ever one is aware of it, my wife loves it.
I do not but obviously ever one is aware of it, my wife loves it.	Well, tell your wife good job! LOL They sent the simpsons flowers when family guy had it's final episode.
Well, tell your wife good job! LOL They sent the simpsons flowers when family guy had it's final episode.	Yeah i read that. Speaking of the Simpsons Bart was never in or mentioned in one episode.
Yeah i read that. Speaking of the Simpsons Bart was never in or mentioned in one episode.	That's crazy....i watch the simpsons and cant place which episode that is?
That's crazy....i watch the simpsons and cant place which episode that is?	Pokemon on the other hand has had over 750 episodes in 16 years.
Pokemon on the other hand has had over 750 episodes in 16 years.	That's crazy! I wonder how they have the time to produce so many? Did you know that George Carlin was the longest running voice for thomas the tank?
That's crazy! I wonder how they have the time to produce so many? Did you know that George Carlin was the longest running voice for thomas the tank?	I did but i heard he shared that spot light with a couple other performers. one being Ringo Star and the other Alec Baldwin.
I did but i heard he shared that spot light with a couple other performers. one being Ringo Star and the other Alec Baldwin.	Yeah, that's true... but they were very short time periods for them.
Yeah, that's true... but they were very short time periods for them.	Oh ok. You know Jupiter's storms are so powerful that they can be picked up on AM radio.
Oh ok. You know Jupiter's storms are so powerful that they can be picked up on AM radio.	REally? I want to listen now! I wonder what it sounds like?
REally? I want to listen now! I wonder what it sounds like?	Me too! There is also a website that you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classical radio dramas for free.
Me too! There is also a website that you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classical radio dramas for free.	Ooooo... i love those things! They are soooo amzing. You ever heard any of them?
Ooooo... i love those things! They are soooo amzing. You ever heard any of them?	A classic radio Drama for free, can't say that i have.lol
A classic radio Drama for free, can't say that i have.lol	They are really cool... it's like old stuff like the green lantern and mysteries.
They are really cool... it's like old stuff like the green lantern and mysteries.	I remember the Shadow. Do you know that one? It became a movie played by Alex Baldwin. "The Shadow Knows"
I remember the Shadow. Do you know that one? It became a movie played by Alex Baldwin. "The Shadow Knows"	Yessssss! See.. you do know!! LOL You should try making a radio out of a pencil and razorblade :)
Yessssss! See.. you do know!! LOL You should try making a radio out of a pencil and razorblade :)	Knowing me i would probably cut myself. I hear that's what soldiers did in WW2. Catch name was Foxhole Radios.
Knowing me i would probably cut myself. I hear that's what soldiers did in WW2. Catch name was Foxhole Radios.	Great chat... enjoy your day!
Great chat... enjoy your day!	do you know much about the government?
do you know much about the government?	Some stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?
Some stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?	yes the website that published secret documents from the government
yes the website that published secret documents from the government	Yes and once they released documents that showed that the government is trying to destroy them
Yes and once they released documents that showed that the government is trying to destroy them	so cool. Did you know the government owns the majority of the land in Nevada?
so cool. Did you know the government owns the majority of the land in Nevada?	Yes about 86% of it but it is all desert anyways so not sure if it is any good
Yes about 86% of it but it is all desert anyways so not sure if it is any good	True good point there. Did you hear of that guy that sold the Eiffel Tower twice?
True good point there. Did you hear of that guy that sold the Eiffel Tower twice?	Yes he was really good at impersonating officials it seems
Yes he was really good at impersonating officials it seems	Yeah. Did you hear what the Norwegian government is doing to save the AMazon?
Yeah. Did you hear what the Norwegian government is doing to save the AMazon?	Yes they donated $1 billion back in 2008, that is a lot of money
Yes they donated $1 billion back in 2008, that is a lot of money	Yeah it is. Do you listen to the radio a lot?
Yeah it is. Do you listen to the radio a lot?	Yes I do. Do you listen to Canadian radios?
Yes I do. Do you listen to Canadian radios?	Yes sometimes but they play a whole lot of canadian music in those
Yes sometimes but they play a whole lot of canadian music in those	Yes they are required by law to do that , 40% has to be canadian
Yes they are required by law to do that , 40% has to be canadian	Yeah. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios in WWII?
Yeah. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios in WWII?	Yes they used razorblades and pencils
Yes they used razorblades and pencils	Yeah pretty creative. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Yeah pretty creative. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do sometimes and there is a free website to listen to them
I do sometimes and there is a free website to listen to them	Yes that is so convenient. In Norway there is a radio station that gives the news in latin
Yes that is so convenient. In Norway there is a radio station that gives the news in latin	TOo bad i do not speak it. Nice chat
TOo bad i do not speak it. Nice chat	same here have a good one
same here have a good one	hey do you like watching south park?
hey do you like watching south park?	Hello there, I have watched South Park before, I remember watching the first few episodes ever, how about you?
Hello there, I have watched South Park before, I remember watching the first few episodes ever, how about you?	ya I still watch it ive seen almost all of them, did you see the one where they make fun of family guy?
ya I still watch it ive seen almost all of them, did you see the one where they make fun of family guy?	No I didn't see that one, but it sounds funny, I think the Simpsons people thought it was funny too.
No I didn't see that one, but it sounds funny, I think the Simpsons people thought it was funny too.	oh ya they did, they sent the South Park creators flowers afterwards haha
oh ya they did, they sent the South Park creators flowers afterwards haha	That's hilarious, do you watch much Simpsons when it was first aired?
That's hilarious, do you watch much Simpsons when it was first aired?	can't say I did, I'm more of a south park guy, but I know theres an episode where bart doesn't appear, right?
can't say I did, I'm more of a south park guy, but I know theres an episode where bart doesn't appear, right?	Yeah I grew up watching Simpsons I had older siblings, but yeah it must be in the later seasons because I have never seen that one.
Yeah I grew up watching Simpsons I had older siblings, but yeah it must be in the later seasons because I have never seen that one.	ya I think so, I've never seen it but I wonder if they just forgot him haha
ya I think so, I've never seen it but I wonder if they just forgot him haha	Right, have you ever seen the show Pokemon?
Right, have you ever seen the show Pokemon?	I have yes, i watched it as a kid, there are like 800 episodes in total now right?
I have yes, i watched it as a kid, there are like 800 episodes in total now right?	I have never seen it but yeah over 750 episodes, that is pretty amazing for one show.
I have never seen it but yeah over 750 episodes, that is pretty amazing for one show.	ya, I love pikachu, id have enough episodes to watch 50 a year for 16 years haha
ya, I love pikachu, id have enough episodes to watch 50 a year for 16 years haha	Yeah is just too crazy lol. I have some nephews who are all about Pokemon these days.
Yeah is just too crazy lol. I have some nephews who are all about Pokemon these days.	ya my friends son is too, did you watch that 70's show at all?
ya my friends son is too, did you watch that 70's show at all?	Yeah the first few seasons are really good, I am from Wisconsin and spent time both in basements and partaking in similar activities. How about you?
Yeah the first few seasons are really good, I am from Wisconsin and spent time both in basements and partaking in similar activities. How about you?	yes I like that show, I guess they remade it for the UK, it was stopped after 10 episodes haha
yes I like that show, I guess they remade it for the UK, it was stopped after 10 episodes haha	I think I read that, I heard they made it verbatim and yeah it bombed pretty bad.
I think I read that, I heard they made it verbatim and yeah it bombed pretty bad.	yup, they shoudl have adapted it to the market I think, also the name stunk: Days like these haha
yup, they shoudl have adapted it to the market I think, also the name stunk: Days like these haha	Yeah that name is really lame, it sounds almost like a really crappy soap opera.
Yeah that name is really lame, it sounds almost like a really crappy soap opera.	haha I agree, I think tomorrow I'll listen to some classic latin on that news radio station
haha I agree, I think tomorrow I'll listen to some classic latin on that news radio station	I have learned that there is an official day for "World Toilet Day." Did you know a day existed around that?
I have learned that there is an official day for "World Toilet Day." Did you know a day existed around that?	Not until recently but apparently 61% of our global population still lack safe sanitation in 2015. I think that is pretty bad.
Not until recently but apparently 61% of our global population still lack safe sanitation in 2015. I think that is pretty bad.	I definitely agree that is bad. It seems like progress had been really hard to achieve, because that percentage is certainly high!
I definitely agree that is bad. It seems like progress had been really hard to achieve, because that percentage is certainly high!	Well, most of it is concentrated in South Asia, rural Africa, and India. In 2014 India's Prime Minister began the Clean India Mission to install 111 million household toilets by the end of 2019. That estimated cost is about $20 billion.
Well, most of it is concentrated in South Asia, rural Africa, and India. In 2014 India's Prime Minister began the Clean India Mission to install 111 million household toilets by the end of 2019. That estimated cost is about $20 billion.	That sounds like a great mission to do. That mission includes communicating hygiene awareness especially toward rural communities.
That sounds like a great mission to do. That mission includes communicating hygiene awareness especially toward rural communities.	Yes, and especially toward women. The women that consume mass media information through newspapers, TV, or radio are more likely to install private toilets in their households. This relays to them the high risks of open defecation.
Yes, and especially toward women. The women that consume mass media information through newspapers, TV, or radio are more likely to install private toilets in their households. This relays to them the high risks of open defecation.	That is good because that should make those areas have a more safely managed toilets to remove the waste in a sanitary manner!
That is good because that should make those areas have a more safely managed toilets to remove the waste in a sanitary manner!	Yes, I agree. Not to mention the dangers of waterborne disease. Or the fact that women and girls are at a higher risk of violence and stress when practicing open defecation after sunset.
Yes, I agree. Not to mention the dangers of waterborne disease. Or the fact that women and girls are at a higher risk of violence and stress when practicing open defecation after sunset.	That's too bad, because those women are probably the main caregivers to the children also. Which due to that are way more susceptible to sanitation-related diseases.
That's too bad, because those women are probably the main caregivers to the children also. Which due to that are way more susceptible to sanitation-related diseases.	Exactly. Since the women are usually the primary caregivers to the kids, they have a higher stake in the burdens of poor sanitation practices because it affects them more.
Exactly. Since the women are usually the primary caregivers to the kids, they have a higher stake in the burdens of poor sanitation practices because it affects them more.	Well luckily with these "safely managed toilets," they can provide other benefits which include more privacy and reduced exposure to physical and sexual violence.
Well luckily with these "safely managed toilets," they can provide other benefits which include more privacy and reduced exposure to physical and sexual violence.	Yes, I agree. That also is why it makes sense for the women to take a bigger leadership role in addressing these very important sanitation issues. Although increasing the number of toilets and improving their quality is important, the larger challenge is to make sure that they are actually used.
Yes, I agree. That also is why it makes sense for the women to take a bigger leadership role in addressing these very important sanitation issues. Although increasing the number of toilets and improving their quality is important, the larger challenge is to make sure that they are actually used.	Yes that is a challenge still. Women are more affected in what consequences can happen because they are at higher risk.
Yes that is a challenge still. Women are more affected in what consequences can happen because they are at higher risk.	In India they have public toilets in the slum areas known as community toilet complexes. But, many people in Delhi's slums don't use them according to a survey of 810 households there.
In India they have public toilets in the slum areas known as community toilet complexes. But, many people in Delhi's slums don't use them according to a survey of 810 households there.	Private toilet ownership must be rare there. What is intriguing though, is while many respondents acknowledged that open defecation is embarrassing and not healthy, they still find public places to defecate or use their work toilet
Private toilet ownership must be rare there. What is intriguing though, is while many respondents acknowledged that open defecation is embarrassing and not healthy, they still find public places to defecate or use their work toilet	Boy, I can't imagine waiting until I got to work to go to the bathroom. How awful is that? I've read surveys that reveal that more interactions among community member could be an important motivator to get people to use public toilets because these kind of networks help spread norms that discourage the practice of open defecation.
Boy, I can't imagine waiting until I got to work to go to the bathroom. How awful is that? I've read surveys that reveal that more interactions among community member could be an important motivator to get people to use public toilets because these kind of networks help spread norms that discourage the practice of open defecation.	That is good about those networks! Speaking of networks, I watch TV sometimes, and that would be a good area to help communities if capable of having a TV.
That is good about those networks! Speaking of networks, I watch TV sometimes, and that would be a good area to help communities if capable of having a TV.	Yes, I agree that would help spread the news but people that live in the slums probably don't have access to TV or even radio.
Yes, I agree that would help spread the news but people that live in the slums probably don't have access to TV or even radio.	True, if that is the case maybe someone can use a radio to engage the community.
True, if that is the case maybe someone can use a radio to engage the community.	The poverty is rampant though that might be very hard to pull off. The best they can hope for is probably word-of-mouth networks to help educate these people to help solve their own disease problems like diarrhea which is the leading cause of child mortality in the world.
The poverty is rampant though that might be very hard to pull off. The best they can hope for is probably word-of-mouth networks to help educate these people to help solve their own disease problems like diarrhea which is the leading cause of child mortality in the world.	Yes well hopefully their government continues to help raise the awareness! I have to go have a great day!
Yes well hopefully their government continues to help raise the awareness! I have to go have a great day!	Thank you!
Thank you!	Do you like to watch football?
Do you like to watch football?	Yes. I enjoyed the Patriots win in the Superbowl this year.. You?
Yes. I enjoyed the Patriots win in the Superbowl this year.. You?	Nice that was a boring game, but glad the Patriots won, is that your favorite team?
Nice that was a boring game, but glad the Patriots won, is that your favorite team?	No, but I generally cheer for an AFL team in the Superbowl. I do admire QB Brady though.
No, but I generally cheer for an AFL team in the Superbowl. I do admire QB Brady though.	For sure, he is a good quarterback. I also like Alex Smith from the redskins, sad he got hurt really bad
For sure, he is a good quarterback. I also like Alex Smith from the redskins, sad he got hurt really bad	Smith is a smart dude. Took so many AP classes in HS that he entered college as a junior... Sorry he is hurt!
Smith is a smart dude. Took so many AP classes in HS that he entered college as a junior... Sorry he is hurt!	Right! and he got his degree his sophomore year in college, then got his masters started before becoming the #1 pick!
Right! and he got his degree his sophomore year in college, then got his masters started before becoming the #1 pick!	Nice. Now he has some time for more studies... I grew up near Buffalo, NY during the era of Kelly and the Bills four Superbowl losses. The Patriots have four SB losses too, but the have a whole slue of wins too.
Nice. Now he has some time for more studies... I grew up near Buffalo, NY during the era of Kelly and the Bills four Superbowl losses. The Patriots have four SB losses too, but the have a whole slue of wins too.	yikes, the bills had it rough for some time, always coming in second place. Do you have any favorite college teams?
yikes, the bills had it rough for some time, always coming in second place. Do you have any favorite college teams?	Sure. I admire most of the SEC teams. I wouldn't want to platy against the Univ of Iowa thoug. They painted their visitor locker room completely pink to bother their opponents!
Sure. I admire most of the SEC teams. I wouldn't want to platy against the Univ of Iowa thoug. They painted their visitor locker room completely pink to bother their opponents!	I live in Iowa City where Iowa is, it is so interesting to see the locker room, it is used more for calming
I live in Iowa City where Iowa is, it is so interesting to see the locker room, it is used more for calming	Just the effect every Coach wants from his players after his big inspirational speech. "Gee Coach, that was nice, but you are harshing our mellow, dude."
Just the effect every Coach wants from his players after his big inspirational speech. "Gee Coach, that was nice, but you are harshing our mellow, dude."	lol! I bet that happens ha. Speaking of the patriots, did you know benjarvus green ellis never fumbled once in his career
lol! I bet that happens ha. Speaking of the patriots, did you know benjarvus green ellis never fumbled once in his career	That is amazing! I remember his running was pretty brutal too. But not as brutal as the 222-0 loss suffered by Cumberlan at the hands of Georgia Tech!
That is amazing! I remember his running was pretty brutal too. But not as brutal as the 222-0 loss suffered by Cumberlan at the hands of Georgia Tech!	For sure, he needs to teach a clinic. I would have at 100-0 if I was cumberland, just leave the field lol
For sure, he needs to teach a clinic. I would have at 100-0 if I was cumberland, just leave the field lol	Maybe they did? I don't think that crushing defeat would have happened if Bill Belichick was their coach! The guy is a football wizard. Winningest coach in postseason history!
Maybe they did? I don't think that crushing defeat would have happened if Bill Belichick was their coach! The guy is a football wizard. Winningest coach in postseason history!	Ha for sure, he would have turned the team around and got them fighting, and maybe they couldve painted Georgia techs lockeroom at halftime pink
Ha for sure, he would have turned the team around and got them fighting, and maybe they couldve painted Georgia techs lockeroom at halftime pink	LOL How would you like to be the Browns knowing that they let Belichick go as coach. Back in 1995, he led the Browns to their last playoff victory. Then the Browns got to watch the Patriots dominate with Belichick for decades!
LOL How would you like to be the Browns knowing that they let Belichick go as coach. Back in 1995, he led the Browns to their last playoff victory. Then the Browns got to watch the Patriots dominate with Belichick for decades!	Whoever let him go should be fired lol, I think he left the browns to go the jets if I remember right. then the patriots
Whoever let him go should be fired lol, I think he left the browns to go the jets if I remember right. then the patriots	You could be right. All I know is that the greater Boston area sings the praises of this guy and says, "In Bill We Trust!" ...With good reason!
You could be right. All I know is that the greater Boston area sings the praises of this guy and says, "In Bill We Trust!" ...With good reason!	Ha I bet! I need to get to that area and watch a game, until then I will stick with my Iowa Hawkeyes! Have a great night!
Ha I bet! I need to get to that area and watch a game, until then I will stick with my Iowa Hawkeyes! Have a great night!	Good Morning! Do you watch football?
Good Morning! Do you watch football?	Good morning! No, I don't. Do you?
Good morning! No, I don't. Do you?	Very little, just usually around super bowl time.
Very little, just usually around super bowl time.	Same here. Have you ever heard of Colton McCoy? I have not
Same here. Have you ever heard of Colton McCoy? I have not	Yeah. I know he was a real standout in college. He ended up with the Redskins
Yeah. I know he was a real standout in college. He ended up with the Redskins	Looks like he is going to be their backup. He threw a 57 yard pass it looks like.
Looks like he is going to be their backup. He threw a 57 yard pass it looks like.	57 yards! That is pretty incredible. I think he will do pretty well in the league.
57 yards! That is pretty incredible. I think he will do pretty well in the league.	With an arm like that he should. Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?
With an arm like that he should. Did you know Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's football team?	I heard that, I bet it is pretty interesting. I think that is great involvement.
I heard that, I bet it is pretty interesting. I think that is great involvement.	Yeah, it is. I'd love to hear that song for sure.
Yeah, it is. I'd love to hear that song for sure.	Did you hear about that game in 1916? Highest scoring game ever.
Did you hear about that game in 1916? Highest scoring game ever.	No, I didn't here about that. What was the score?
No, I didn't here about that. What was the score?	222-0. GA Tech crushed Cumberland.
222-0. GA Tech crushed Cumberland.	WOW! You would think they would have called it off at some point! Did you hear how much it cost to build the high school stadium in allen, texas?
WOW! You would think they would have called it off at some point! Did you hear how much it cost to build the high school stadium in allen, texas?	No, wasnt it outrageous, like millions?
No, wasnt it outrageous, like millions?	Yeah, 60 million. It seats 18,000. I guess there's not much else to do in that town but go to a high school game
Yeah, 60 million. It seats 18,000. I guess there's not much else to do in that town but go to a high school game	True. Did you hear that Tom Brady wasnt given the chance to play on his JV team in HS? They didnt ever score yet they kept him on the bench.
True. Did you hear that Tom Brady wasnt given the chance to play on his JV team in HS? They didnt ever score yet they kept him on the bench.	I hadn't heard that. I guess he showed them! He's in good company. Micheal Jordan got cut from his high school team, I believe.
I hadn't heard that. I guess he showed them! He's in good company. Micheal Jordan got cut from his high school team, I believe.	He did. It is the perseverance and the will to succeed that makes them the athletes that they are!
He did. It is the perseverance and the will to succeed that makes them the athletes that they are!	Very true! A great life lesson to learn. The PAtriots have certainly done better than the Browns. They haven't won a playoff game since 1995!
Very true! A great life lesson to learn. The PAtriots have certainly done better than the Browns. They haven't won a playoff game since 1995!	I dont know if the Dolphins have even seen the playoffs in that long LOL. Great Chat! Have a nice day!
I dont know if the Dolphins have even seen the playoffs in that long LOL. Great Chat! Have a nice day!	I was reading a preseason NFL article the other day and it was about the Redskins QB, Colt McCoy wanting to prove that he was the right choice for back-up QB.
I was reading a preseason NFL article the other day and it was about the Redskins QB, Colt McCoy wanting to prove that he was the right choice for back-up QB.	That's good. Do you like football?
That's good. Do you like football?	I really do. I like college better than NFL. I love the trick that Iowa has played by painting the walls of their visitor's locker room pink!
I really do. I like college better than NFL. I love the trick that Iowa has played by painting the walls of their visitor's locker room pink!	That's a pretty unique tactic!
That's a pretty unique tactic!	It actually weakens weightlifters if they do that with the walls. I do like the yellow line that ESPN added to broadcasts.
It actually weakens weightlifters if they do that with the walls. I do like the yellow line that ESPN added to broadcasts.	what do you mean it weakens weightlifters? Like, if they wear that color or look at it/?
what do you mean it weakens weightlifters? Like, if they wear that color or look at it/?	If they lift in a room with pink walls, they can't life as much as in normally colored rooms. ESPN got a Emmy for the yellow first down line.
If they lift in a room with pink walls, they can't life as much as in normally colored rooms. ESPN got a Emmy for the yellow first down line.	yeah congrats to espn. That's amazing.
yeah congrats to espn. That's amazing.	You know that what they call football in England is called soccer in the US.
You know that what they call football in England is called soccer in the US.	Yeah I do, my husband is British lol he tells me all the time.
Yeah I do, my husband is British lol he tells me all the time.	There was one running back for the Patriots who never fumbled in his entire career. That is extraordinary.
There was one running back for the Patriots who never fumbled in his entire career. That is extraordinary.	Yeah I wonder why that guy isnt more known. In the 60s bowlers made more than the football players.
Yeah I wonder why that guy isnt more known. In the 60s bowlers made more than the football players.	Football has done an amazing marketing job since then. Plus, they have to pay a larger number of players that competitive bowling does. This year's Super Bowl winners are coached by Bill Belichick who is the winningest post season coach.
Football has done an amazing marketing job since then. Plus, they have to pay a larger number of players that competitive bowling does. This year's Super Bowl winners are coached by Bill Belichick who is the winningest post season coach.	yeah, do you like the Patriots?
yeah, do you like the Patriots?	I respect their accomplishments. They have done some cheating in the past that I do not like. They are located about equi-distant from Boston, Mass and Providence, RI
I respect their accomplishments. They have done some cheating in the past that I do not like. They are located about equi-distant from Boston, Mass and Providence, RI	George rr martin calls them the Lannisters of football lol
George rr martin calls them the Lannisters of football lol	That is a good one. It impressive to have such a dynasty. They are the team for all of New England.
That is a good one. It impressive to have such a dynasty. They are the team for all of New England.	That running back that never fumbled, Green- Ellis, played for the patriots.
That running back that never fumbled, Green- Ellis, played for the patriots.	I know. I went to Oklahoma University. We had a QB, Baker Mayfield, who won the Heisman and was the number 1 NFL draft pick. He almost quit football to play competitive gaming.
I know. I went to Oklahoma University. We had a QB, Baker Mayfield, who won the Heisman and was the number 1 NFL draft pick. He almost quit football to play competitive gaming.	The NFl has only one left handed quarterback!
The NFl has only one left handed quarterback!	It is hard to catch a ball that is spinning in the opposite direction from normal. Receivers have to get used to it. Nice talking with you!
It is hard to catch a ball that is spinning in the opposite direction from normal. Receivers have to get used to it. Nice talking with you!	Hello there, have you been following the NFL playoffs this year?
Hello there, have you been following the NFL playoffs this year?	No I haven't. Is your team in it?
No I haven't. Is your team in it?	No they aren't this year it was quite disappointing, but I have still been watching.
No they aren't this year it was quite disappointing, but I have still been watching.	Oh ok, who is in the playoffs?
Oh ok, who is in the playoffs?	Well of course the Patriots won again and are in the Super Bowl, as well as the Rams.
Well of course the Patriots won again and are in the Super Bowl, as well as the Rams.	Wow, I read recently that the Patriots used to have a running back that never fumbled in his career.
Wow, I read recently that the Patriots used to have a running back that never fumbled in his career.	Yeah you are right! It was Benjarvus Green-Ellis and that is a crazy fact!
Yeah you are right! It was Benjarvus Green-Ellis and that is a crazy fact!	Right!! I wonder why he isn't more popular, that is an amazing fact.
Right!! I wonder why he isn't more popular, that is an amazing fact.	Yeah it is. Did you know Espn won an emmy for coming up with the yellow line used to show the first down marker?
Yeah it is. Did you know Espn won an emmy for coming up with the yellow line used to show the first down marker?	I read that somewhere, that is interesting. I also read that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
I read that somewhere, that is interesting. I also read that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.	Wow I didn't know that about the quarterbacks, interesting. Do you know who invented the huddle?
Wow I didn't know that about the quarterbacks, interesting. Do you know who invented the huddle?	Paul Hubbard it says.
Paul Hubbard it says.	Yeah good call again, it was Hubbard. I think that is such a cool fact that he was deaf.
Yeah good call again, it was Hubbard. I think that is such a cool fact that he was deaf.	Yeah, great idea too! That is funny the George RR Martin called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL
Yeah, great idea too! That is funny the George RR Martin called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL	Yeah that is funny. I guess Bill Belichick's first playoff win as a coach was for the Browns.
Yeah that is funny. I guess Bill Belichick's first playoff win as a coach was for the Browns.	Is that not a good team?
Is that not a good team?	No the Browns have been bad for quite some time now, but they did much better this season than last.
No the Browns have been bad for quite some time now, but they did much better this season than last.	Oh ok. Well he has obviously worked his way up then lol
Oh ok. Well he has obviously worked his way up then lol	Yeah he sure did, it was just interesting because it was against the Patriots.
Yeah he sure did, it was just interesting because it was against the Patriots.	nice!
nice!	Yeah so weird and now he's going to like his 8th Super Bowl with them. Well it was nice talking to you, I hope you have a good night.
Yeah so weird and now he's going to like his 8th Super Bowl with them. Well it was nice talking to you, I hope you have a good night.	Good morning! Do you like football?
Good morning! Do you like football?	I do not really. I only watched the Super Bowl because I went to a party. And you?
I do not really. I only watched the Super Bowl because I went to a party. And you?	I do. I don't like the Patriots but it was good to see Bill Belichick be the winningest coach in NFL postseason history.
I do. I don't like the Patriots but it was good to see Bill Belichick be the winningest coach in NFL postseason history.	Yeah, he is a good coach. He has even won with the Cleveland Browns.
Yeah, he is a good coach. He has even won with the Cleveland Browns.	That's almost unheard of haha. The Brown's last playoff win was in 1995.
That's almost unheard of haha. The Brown's last playoff win was in 1995.	Surprisingly enough it was a game againt the Patriots too, and their coach was Belichick. Hmm.
Surprisingly enough it was a game againt the Patriots too, and their coach was Belichick. Hmm.	Speaking of football, did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league for quarterback right now?
Speaking of football, did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league for quarterback right now?	Interesting. Wonder why that is? Is being left handed a disadvantage? Speaking of disadvantages, I would think that it would be difficult to play football if you couldn't hear, but the circular huddle used today was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback.
Interesting. Wonder why that is? Is being left handed a disadvantage? Speaking of disadvantages, I would think that it would be difficult to play football if you couldn't hear, but the circular huddle used today was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf quarterback.	Yes that really is. There have been a lot of great left handed quarterbacks though so who knows what the advantage is.
Yes that really is. There have been a lot of great left handed quarterbacks though so who knows what the advantage is.	Tom Brady wasn't respected as a quarterback in high school. They refused to start him. Now he is a four time champion.
Tom Brady wasn't respected as a quarterback in high school. They refused to start him. Now he is a four time champion.	Even on the JV team, that's crazy to think. He is the best ever.
Even on the JV team, that's crazy to think. He is the best ever.	Yeah, you are right! Did he finish college? Alex Smith took so many tests in high school that he entered universeity as a junio and got his bachelor's degree. Then he started working on a master's degree before he was the first overall pick in 2005 NFL draft.
Yeah, you are right! Did he finish college? Alex Smith took so many tests in high school that he entered universeity as a junio and got his bachelor's degree. Then he started working on a master's degree before he was the first overall pick in 2005 NFL draft.	Yes he did. Smith is one smart cookie! Imagine if Baker Mayfield did that instead of wanting to play video games all day.
Yes he did. Smith is one smart cookie! Imagine if Baker Mayfield did that instead of wanting to play video games all day.	Yeah, full time competitive gaming can sometimes be lucrative though I doubt as good as football player pay.
Yeah, full time competitive gaming can sometimes be lucrative though I doubt as good as football player pay.	Probably not, much more safer though haha, especially playing Halo 3.
Probably not, much more safer though haha, especially playing Halo 3.	Football's importance has certainly increased in recent times. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Football's importance has certainly increased in recent times. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.	That is so crazy to think! I wonder what it is now!
That is so crazy to think! I wonder what it is now!	And how much money is spent on NFL technology! ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line!
And how much money is spent on NFL technology! ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line!	That line really helped everybody see. How about that college score of 222-0?
That line really helped everybody see. How about that college score of 222-0?	Yeah I don't see that ever happening these days at any colleges with football teams.
Yeah I don't see that ever happening these days at any colleges with football teams.	Oh me too. I would just quit lol.
Oh me too. I would just quit lol.	Hello, are you a football fan?
Hello, are you a football fan?	Yes, did you know that Iowa's visiting team locker room is pink! Entirely Pink!!!
Yes, did you know that Iowa's visiting team locker room is pink! Entirely Pink!!!	Yikes! That's interesting. What I find more interesting is that bowlers in the 60s made two times as much as football stars.
Yikes! That's interesting. What I find more interesting is that bowlers in the 60s made two times as much as football stars.	Wild! 1916 Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland with the highest score ever.
Wild! 1916 Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland with the highest score ever.	Wow, how about former patriot running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis who never fumbled the ball during his NFL career. Must have been a great RB!
Wow, how about former patriot running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis who never fumbled the ball during his NFL career. Must have been a great RB!	I agree! So, that score from the game I mentioned was 220-0! Huge defeat!
I agree! So, that score from the game I mentioned was 220-0! Huge defeat!	Holy cow! That was huge. Have you ever been to Boston to see the New England Patriots play?
Holy cow! That was huge. Have you ever been to Boston to see the New England Patriots play?	No, I haven't. Did you know the circular huddle was designed by a man who was deaf?
No, I haven't. Did you know the circular huddle was designed by a man who was deaf?	He was smart to do that so the other team couldn't read his hand signals.
He was smart to do that so the other team couldn't read his hand signals.	Exactly! Wow, you really know your facts! There is only one left handed QB in the NFL.
Exactly! Wow, you really know your facts! There is only one left handed QB in the NFL.	That I find hard to believe. Must make his game so much more challenging.
That I find hard to believe. Must make his game so much more challenging.	I'm sure you are correct. The player is Kellan Moore.
I'm sure you are correct. The player is Kellan Moore.	I wonder which team he plays for? Ah, google says the Dallas Cowboys.
I wonder which team he plays for? Ah, google says the Dallas Cowboys.	The two NFL teams with equal Super Bowl losses are Buffalo Bills And The New England Patriots.
The two NFL teams with equal Super Bowl losses are Buffalo Bills And The New England Patriots.	Bill Belichick has the most wins in NFL postseason football and 20 of his 21 wins were with the Patriots.
Bill Belichick has the most wins in NFL postseason football and 20 of his 21 wins were with the Patriots.	His last playoff win was with the Browns. It was his only playoff win that wasn't with the Patriots.
His last playoff win was with the Browns. It was his only playoff win that wasn't with the Patriots.	And it's been a while ago...back in 1995.
And it's been a while ago...back in 1995.	Yes! Haha..the Games of Thrones author called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL.
Yes! Haha..the Games of Thrones author called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL.	Whatever that means. :) I do appreciate football players who value their education. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was a junior when he entered university.
Whatever that means. :) I do appreciate football players who value their education. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was a junior when he entered university.	YEs, how brilliant! He earned his BA in 2 years!
YEs, how brilliant! He earned his BA in 2 years!	Crazy, then he was on his way to earning his master's degree. Kuddos to him!
Crazy, then he was on his way to earning his master's degree. Kuddos to him!	How about that Baker Mayfield? He considered leaving football to play videogames!
How about that Baker Mayfield? He considered leaving football to play videogames!	Interesting and apparently he is super good at Halo 3. Nice chatting.
Interesting and apparently he is super good at Halo 3. Nice chatting.	Hello! Do you like football?
Hello! Do you like football?	I love it! You?
I love it! You?	Not a huge fan but I do watch sometimes, I like the New England Patriots...How about you?
Not a huge fan but I do watch sometimes, I like the New England Patriots...How about you?	I am a Chicago Bears fan. They just lost so I was pretty bummed. You're playing this weekend, right?
I am a Chicago Bears fan. They just lost so I was pretty bummed. You're playing this weekend, right?	Oh wow, sorry! I believe so, I would have to look lol....The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots in losses...weird.
Oh wow, sorry! I believe so, I would have to look lol....The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots in losses...weird.	Yeah, the cleveland browns' last playoff win was in 1995 against the new england patriots and their head coach was bill belichick. this was bill's first playoff win as head coach and the only playoff win as head coach outside the patriots.
Yeah, the cleveland browns' last playoff win was in 1995 against the new england patriots and their head coach was bill belichick. this was bill's first playoff win as head coach and the only playoff win as head coach outside the patriots.	Oh wow, The Patriots are just a great team I think
Oh wow, The Patriots are just a great team I think	They are. And International! New england patriot sebastian vollmer is the first german citizen drafted into the nfl
They are. And International! New england patriot sebastian vollmer is the first german citizen drafted into the nfl	Cool! Didn't know that. The author of Game of Thrones....called the Patriots the lannisters of the NFL lol
Cool! Didn't know that. The author of Game of Thrones....called the Patriots the lannisters of the NFL lol	That seems like mean thing to say! The new england patriots under tom brady and bill belichick have either won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.
That seems like mean thing to say! The new england patriots under tom brady and bill belichick have either won or lost the super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.	So crazy! I know! So who is your fav quarterback?
So crazy! I know! So who is your fav quarterback?	I would have to say Aaron Rodgers even though I am supposed to hate him, as a bears fan.
I would have to say Aaron Rodgers even though I am supposed to hate him, as a bears fan.	haha, he is awesome! Did you know there was a deaf quarterback that invented the huddle? So nobody could read his hand signals! Very cool.
haha, he is awesome! Did you know there was a deaf quarterback that invented the huddle? So nobody could read his hand signals! Very cool.	That is. Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself.
That is. Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself.	What? hahhaaa.....did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue competitive gaming! What that's nuts.
What? hahhaaa.....did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to pursue competitive gaming! What that's nuts.	Doesn't he seem like someone who would quit football to game? Or play poker.
Doesn't he seem like someone who would quit football to game? Or play poker.	True true hahaa...
True true hahaa...	Nfl quarterback russell wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. the texas rangers traded him in february 2018 to the ny yankees
Nfl quarterback russell wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. the texas rangers traded him in february 2018 to the ny yankees	Cool fact! I didn't know that! Alex Smith took so many Ap tests in hs and got his bachelors in 2 years, must be smart!
Cool fact! I didn't know that! Alex Smith took so many Ap tests in hs and got his bachelors in 2 years, must be smart!	The jacksons "victory tour" played a major role in robert kraft buying sullivan stadium, and eventually the new england patriots.
The jacksons "victory tour" played a major role in robert kraft buying sullivan stadium, and eventually the new england patriots.	True! i LOVE the Patriots!
True! i LOVE the Patriots!	Really? Who you playing this weekend?
Really? Who you playing this weekend?	The Chargers I believe...
The Chargers I believe...	Nice! Worried? They don't seem to have the same magic they had when they were winning titles.
Nice! Worried? They don't seem to have the same magic they had when they were winning titles.	No, not worried...I hope they win but I am a loyal fan so...either way! Fingers crossed lol Can always hope! It has been great chatting!!!
No, not worried...I hope they win but I am a loyal fan so...either way! Fingers crossed lol Can always hope! It has been great chatting!!!	Nice chatting with you.
Nice chatting with you.	How's it going, do you follow football? Colt McCoy is doing a pretty good job as the Redskins backup
How's it going, do you follow football? Colt McCoy is doing a pretty good job as the Redskins backup	Good morning! I do follow football and I agree about Colt McCoy. I liked him back when he played for, I think the University of Texas.
Good morning! I do follow football and I agree about Colt McCoy. I liked him back when he played for, I think the University of Texas.	Yea, that was a while ago, he's been in the game for 9 years already
Yea, that was a while ago, he's been in the game for 9 years already	Yep. You know, I wasn't sure if I liked Washington's coach, Jay Gruden. I wondered if he was the reason they do so badly but he seems to be meshing with Colt and improving.
Yep. You know, I wasn't sure if I liked Washington's coach, Jay Gruden. I wondered if he was the reason they do so badly but he seems to be meshing with Colt and improving.	The Redskins were doing pretty good and overachieving when Alex Smith was starting
The Redskins were doing pretty good and overachieving when Alex Smith was starting	That's true, i forgot about that. I can't remember. Did he get hurt or traded?
That's true, i forgot about that. I can't remember. Did he get hurt or traded?	Smith got hurt pretty bad, might end his career and end up having McCoy take over permanently
Smith got hurt pretty bad, might end his career and end up having McCoy take over permanently	Oh, that's bad. I like both quarterbacks. I hate to see Smith's career over.
Oh, that's bad. I like both quarterbacks. I hate to see Smith's career over.	Yea, hopefully Smith recovers, he's a good guy and smart too. He started college as a junior
Yea, hopefully Smith recovers, he's a good guy and smart too. He started college as a junior	Yeah? That's impressive! Say, how did you feel about the Redskins trading Kirk Cousins?
Yeah? That's impressive! Say, how did you feel about the Redskins trading Kirk Cousins?	Well the Redskins never seemed serious to sign Cousins to a long term deal, he is a reliable qb but doesn't play too good in important games
Well the Redskins never seemed serious to sign Cousins to a long term deal, he is a reliable qb but doesn't play too good in important games	I agree. I looked for the Vikings to possibly go to the Super Bowl and they obviously didn't. Sometimes I think whether a team is great or not all depends on the quarterback.
I agree. I looked for the Vikings to possibly go to the Super Bowl and they obviously didn't. Sometimes I think whether a team is great or not all depends on the quarterback.	The qb is an important position, they end up handling the ball on most offensive plays
The qb is an important position, they end up handling the ball on most offensive plays	That's true. It may also depend on if they are right or left handed. I mean, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.
That's true. It may also depend on if they are right or left handed. I mean, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.	That's pretty cool, Paul D. Hubbard was a deaf qb and invented the circular huddle to prevent signal stealing
That's pretty cool, Paul D. Hubbard was a deaf qb and invented the circular huddle to prevent signal stealing	For real? I had no idea there ever was a deaf qb! And that's how the huddle began?
For real? I had no idea there ever was a deaf qb! And that's how the huddle began?	Yep, pretty cool that no one thought of the circular huddle before Hubbard
Yep, pretty cool that no one thought of the circular huddle before Hubbard	I'd always thought it was just a part of the game, a way for the team to talk before a play.
I'd always thought it was just a part of the game, a way for the team to talk before a play.	Me too. Did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become a competitive gamer?
Me too. Did you know Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become a competitive gamer?	It seems like I have heard about that before. He's a very competitive person. In a way he's like Russell Wilson. He's under contract with the New York Yankees even though he hasn't played a game yet.
It seems like I have heard about that before. He's a very competitive person. In a way he's like Russell Wilson. He's under contract with the New York Yankees even though he hasn't played a game yet.	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	Duterte's joke was in incredibly poor taste, considering his strict "war on drugs" What do you think about his comment?
Duterte's joke was in incredibly poor taste, considering his strict "war on drugs" What do you think about his comment?	I know. He is a dictator. He does not care about what others say about him.
I know. He is a dictator. He does not care about what others say about him.	I heard that almost 5000 Philippine people have been killed in the past couple of years because of his policies. It's awful.
I heard that almost 5000 Philippine people have been killed in the past couple of years because of his policies. It's awful.	Yes, the killings began in 2016.
Yes, the killings began in 2016.	Speaking of dictatorships, what do you think about the Vox party gaining seats in Spain?
Speaking of dictatorships, what do you think about the Vox party gaining seats in Spain?	I don't know what will happen. The socialist group is losing control.
I don't know what will happen. The socialist group is losing control.	It might be beneficial that all parties have to work together to make decisions, that way one won't dominate over the other.
It might be beneficial that all parties have to work together to make decisions, that way one won't dominate over the other.	True. People in spain are concerned about illegal immigration.
True. People in spain are concerned about illegal immigration.	It's interesting, it's seems that the far-right is always running on anti-immigration sentiments.
It's interesting, it's seems that the far-right is always running on anti-immigration sentiments.	Prime minister Pedro, is he with the right or the left group?
Prime minister Pedro, is he with the right or the left group?	I don't know for sure, he is in the minority government, so he's not with the Socialist party.
I don't know for sure, he is in the minority government, so he's not with the Socialist party.	So, he might be with the right group. If he could win when he was with the minority that he would be more powerful if he is with the majority.
So, he might be with the right group. If he could win when he was with the minority that he would be more powerful if he is with the majority.	Yes, and I bet he will heed the call for early national elections because of it.
Yes, and I bet he will heed the call for early national elections because of it.	You are probably right. I hope Spain would not go back to fascism.
You are probably right. I hope Spain would not go back to fascism.	What's going on with Garcia, the former Peruvian president?
What's going on with Garcia, the former Peruvian president?	I am not sure but I think he has a legal problem. Corruption?
I am not sure but I think he has a legal problem. Corruption?	Yeah, something to do with illegal construction payments. I think the US Justice Dept uncovered it.
Yeah, something to do with illegal construction payments. I think the US Justice Dept uncovered it.	I wonder how our Justice Dep uncovered the bribery.
I wonder how our Justice Dep uncovered the bribery.	It was during a plea deal for someone else, sometime in 2016. Almost $800 million in bribes for government contracts.
It was during a plea deal for someone else, sometime in 2016. Almost $800 million in bribes for government contracts.	I wonder if the contractors were American businesses. Corruption is rampant in that part of the world.
I wonder if the contractors were American businesses. Corruption is rampant in that part of the world.	I think it's rampant everywhere! Look at Sri Lanka!
I think it's rampant everywhere! Look at Sri Lanka!	I read about it too. Prime Minister Rajapaksa is in a big trouble too.
I read about it too. Prime Minister Rajapaksa is in a big trouble too.	Seriously, he's barely holding onto power. The people have no confidence in him.
Seriously, he's barely holding onto power. The people have no confidence in him.	You are right. I have to run. It was nice chatting with you. Bye.
You are right. I have to run. It was nice chatting with you. Bye.	Are you a history person. Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the three richest Presidents in history?
Are you a history person. Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the three richest Presidents in history?	I didn't know that or that The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
I didn't know that or that The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana	That is funny. I wonder if Trump sings. The Indonesian President released three pop albums while in office.
That is funny. I wonder if Trump sings. The Indonesian President released three pop albums while in office.	WOW, I didn't know that. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Who knew!
WOW, I didn't know that. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Who knew!	We should go back to that. I found it surprising that the US President's guest house is bigger than the While House.
We should go back to that. I found it surprising that the US President's guest house is bigger than the While House.	I did too. In other countries, like England, 10 downing street, the residence of the prime minister of the uk, has a cat with a government title of chief mouser to the cabinet office. his day-to-day responsibilities include contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house.
I did too. In other countries, like England, 10 downing street, the residence of the prime minister of the uk, has a cat with a government title of chief mouser to the cabinet office. his day-to-day responsibilities include contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house.	Lol, I love cats. I think if I remember right that Australia's Prime Minister exists only through custom and isn't in the constitution.
Lol, I love cats. I think if I remember right that Australia's Prime Minister exists only through custom and isn't in the constitution.	At least in Japan, when you turn 100, the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate
At least in Japan, when you turn 100, the prime minister sends you a silver cup to celebrate	That is nice of him. This is funny. , A radio station pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien and successfully prank called Queen Elizabeth II.
That is nice of him. This is funny. , A radio station pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien and successfully prank called Queen Elizabeth II.	I want to say a comedy troop got into a G20 summit as a Canadian delegate and did not get caught until one got out of the car dressed as Osama Bin Laden.
I want to say a comedy troop got into a G20 summit as a Canadian delegate and did not get caught until one got out of the car dressed as Osama Bin Laden.	That is hilarious. Let's change topics a little. Are you a tv fan. Did you know that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons" where Bart is neither seen or talked about?
That is hilarious. Let's change topics a little. Are you a tv fan. Did you know that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons" where Bart is neither seen or talked about?	No. This was the second time MTurk has requested you to respond. Is there something I can do to help you respond? We both want to get paid so please be respectful of my time too.
No. This was the second time MTurk has requested you to respond. Is there something I can do to help you respond? We both want to get paid so please be respectful of my time too.	Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon". That is about 50 shows a year for 16 years.
Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon". That is about 50 shows a year for 16 years.	When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew	That is cool. My son loved Thomas The Tank Engine as a kid. I remember that George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, and Ringo Starr all narrated Thomas. I think for at least 52 episodes each.
That is cool. My son loved Thomas The Tank Engine as a kid. I remember that George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, and Ringo Starr all narrated Thomas. I think for at least 52 episodes each.	Wow, that's great. 70's show was remade verbatim in the uk. 'days like these' was cancelled after 10 episodes.
Wow, that's great. 70's show was remade verbatim in the uk. 'days like these' was cancelled after 10 episodes.	I guess they have different taste. I read that television can be transmitted in two or three dimensions and sounds.
I guess they have different taste. I read that television can be transmitted in two or three dimensions and sounds.	Huh... Who knew... Actress helena bonham carter (bellatrix in the harry potter films) is the great-granddaughter of herbert asquith, prime minister of the united kingdom during world war i.
Huh... Who knew... Actress helena bonham carter (bellatrix in the harry potter films) is the great-granddaughter of herbert asquith, prime minister of the united kingdom during world war i.	I love the Harry Potter films. Tv can also be transmitted in monochrome or in color.
I love the Harry Potter films. Tv can also be transmitted in monochrome or in color.	I too love Harry Potter. It's great TV. Philippine police say that more than 4,800 suspects have been killed in the drug crackdown that began in July 2016 after Duterte took office.
I too love Harry Potter. It's great TV. Philippine police say that more than 4,800 suspects have been killed in the drug crackdown that began in July 2016 after Duterte took office.	Well, nice talking to you. BYE
Well, nice talking to you. BYE	Do you like to watch tv?
Do you like to watch tv?	Oh yeah. It's My favorite pastime. I like South PArk, Do you? I also like Simpsons.
Oh yeah. It's My favorite pastime. I like South PArk, Do you? I also like Simpsons.	I like South Park and the Simpsons, both were good.
I like South Park and the Simpsons, both were good.	Yeah, only one episode in SImpsons did not mention or have Bart on it. They had a great run with that show though.
Yeah, only one episode in SImpsons did not mention or have Bart on it. They had a great run with that show though.	Interesting, I don't know why that would occur, was the actor sick?
Interesting, I don't know why that would occur, was the actor sick?	Good question, I don't know. I watched a lot of Pokemon episodes with the kids and they had over 750. They had so many that it could run for 16 years straight.
Good question, I don't know. I watched a lot of Pokemon episodes with the kids and they had over 750. They had so many that it could run for 16 years straight.	WOW! That is a lot of episodes isn't it. What about that 70s show, do you watch it?
WOW! That is a lot of episodes isn't it. What about that 70s show, do you watch it?	Hmmm, didn't watch it very much but I think they have a UK remake.
Hmmm, didn't watch it very much but I think they have a UK remake.	Yeah, I heard it failed and got canceled in 10 episodes. Hilarious.
Yeah, I heard it failed and got canceled in 10 episodes. Hilarious.	Oh crazy. I would l like to visit the UK. The Prime MInister lives on Downing Street. He has a cat with the official title of chief mouse to the cabinet office. ;p;
Oh crazy. I would l like to visit the UK. The Prime MInister lives on Downing Street. He has a cat with the official title of chief mouse to the cabinet office. ;p;	Interesting, it seems like something that they would do in the UK.
Interesting, it seems like something that they would do in the UK.	Yeah, the cat had the daily duties of looking for mice and occupying the house to hunt for them. I like the Harry Potter books and films do you?
Yeah, the cat had the daily duties of looking for mice and occupying the house to hunt for them. I like the Harry Potter books and films do you?	Interesting. Did you know if you turn 100 in Japan you get a silver cup to celebrate?
Interesting. Did you know if you turn 100 in Japan you get a silver cup to celebrate?	Oh I didn't know that , thats cool. I heard that they do a lot pranks over there too. For instance a radio station prank called the Queen.
Oh I didn't know that , thats cool. I heard that they do a lot pranks over there too. For instance a radio station prank called the Queen.	Did they actually get through?
Did they actually get through?	Yep, the did. They pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister. This happened in 1995 so things might be a lot different now.
Yep, the did. They pretended to be the Canadian Prime Minister. This happened in 1995 so things might be a lot different now.	This is so funny. I wonder if they got in trouble?
This is so funny. I wonder if they got in trouble?	I bet somebody knocked on their doors at some point. Afterall, the Prime Minister is he head of the cabinet and the leader of the ministers in the executive branch of government. In many systems the Prime Minister selecs and may dismiss other members of the cabinet and they allocate posts to members. They prob dont like pranks.
I bet somebody knocked on their doors at some point. Afterall, the Prime Minister is he head of the cabinet and the leader of the ministers in the executive branch of government. In many systems the Prime Minister selecs and may dismiss other members of the cabinet and they allocate posts to members. They prob dont like pranks.	Did you know that the president of indonesia has released 3 albums while in office?
Did you know that the president of indonesia has released 3 albums while in office?	What! That's a weird thing for a president to do. I wonder how he had time for that. I like our system and presidents jobs because they don't make music.
What! That's a weird thing for a president to do. I wonder how he had time for that. I like our system and presidents jobs because they don't make music.	Yeah, maybe he was a musician before getting into office. Nice chatting with you.
Yeah, maybe he was a musician before getting into office. Nice chatting with you.	Hey, do you like football?
Hey, do you like football?	I do are you a Brady fan?
I do are you a Brady fan?	Yes. He is exceptional, many people say he is the best quarterback of all time.
Yes. He is exceptional, many people say he is the best quarterback of all time.	Those are big shoes to fill but he's in good company. Not sure how you make football your religion though.
Those are big shoes to fill but he's in good company. Not sure how you make football your religion though.	Tom Brady seems religious in more than one way. Having never eaten a strawberry in his life, it seems he is abundant with self discipline in many ways.
Tom Brady seems religious in more than one way. Having never eaten a strawberry in his life, it seems he is abundant with self discipline in many ways.	Well you can't miss what you never had. Let him try a couple and then we can talk. Strawberries are amazing!!
Well you can't miss what you never had. Let him try a couple and then we can talk. Strawberries are amazing!!	His winning of five Super Bowls is admirable.
His winning of five Super Bowls is admirable.	It is no doubt. Did you know he through a recorded 50 touch downs in 2007?
It is no doubt. Did you know he through a recorded 50 touch downs in 2007?	Yeah! To add to that he didn't even throw 30 touchdown passes in any year prior. Then out of nowhere! Wow!
Yeah! To add to that he didn't even throw 30 touchdown passes in any year prior. Then out of nowhere! Wow!	Yeah that is amazing. Apparently Toms on the injury list ever year even though he's not injured.
Yeah that is amazing. Apparently Toms on the injury list ever year even though he's not injured.	In my opinion, it is fitting he should be treated that way; like an extremely valuable jewel
In my opinion, it is fitting he should be treated that way; like an extremely valuable jewel	OK! The Patriots have either won or lost the Super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.
OK! The Patriots have either won or lost the Super bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.	Yeah, under Tom Brady and Bill Belichick.
Yeah, under Tom Brady and Bill Belichick.	I wonder if he is allergic to strawberries. Who doesn't like strawberries.
I wonder if he is allergic to strawberries. Who doesn't like strawberries.	Yeah. On an unrelated note, there is only one quarterback in the NFL who is left handed.
Yeah. On an unrelated note, there is only one quarterback in the NFL who is left handed.	That's all the nfl produced is one left handed quarterback? Do you know who it is?
That's all the nfl produced is one left handed quarterback? Do you know who it is?	Yes, Kellan Moore. But did you know the quarterback Alex Smith started working in his masters degree before 2005?
Yes, Kellan Moore. But did you know the quarterback Alex Smith started working in his masters degree before 2005?	Yeah just before becoming the overall draft pick. You have to admire that guy i hear he took so many AP test in high school that he enter university as Jr.
Yeah just before becoming the overall draft pick. You have to admire that guy i hear he took so many AP test in high school that he enter university as Jr.	Yeah. Quarterbacks are leaders of the offensive teams. For that reason it is no surprise to me their lives are interesting.
Yeah. Quarterbacks are leaders of the offensive teams. For that reason it is no surprise to me their lives are interesting.	True. I think football is an amazing sport and Tom deserves all the notability that he is getting.
True. I think football is an amazing sport and Tom deserves all the notability that he is getting.	Yeah. Well it was nice talking!
Yeah. Well it was nice talking!	You too! We never got to talk about Gisele though she makes twice as much as Tom. Have a good one.
You too! We never got to talk about Gisele though she makes twice as much as Tom. Have a good one.	Maybe next time. Have a good one.
Maybe next time. Have a good one.	Are you an NFL fan? I'm reading some dated material about the playoffs. DId you watch the NFC championship game? Eagles vs. Vikings?
Are you an NFL fan? I'm reading some dated material about the playoffs. DId you watch the NFC championship game? Eagles vs. Vikings?	I am a fan. I know 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
I am a fan. I know 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.	I'm more of a college fan but that surprises me. Speaking of college, QB Alex Smith quizzed out of his first two years of college and then went to the Chiefs.
I'm more of a college fan but that surprises me. Speaking of college, QB Alex Smith quizzed out of his first two years of college and then went to the Chiefs.	Sounds pretty smart! Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL?
Sounds pretty smart! Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL?	I would think there would be more. My Alma mater beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916. The coaches must have had a disagreement.
I would think there would be more. My Alma mater beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916. The coaches must have had a disagreement.	That's a big difference! Who were the teams?
That's a big difference! Who were the teams?	Cumberland and Georgia Tech... I like the yellow line for 1st down that ESPN created.
Cumberland and Georgia Tech... I like the yellow line for 1st down that ESPN created.	Interesting and I do too! Makes the game easier. Did you know NFL QB Russell Wilson is still under a MLB contract?
Interesting and I do too! Makes the game easier. Did you know NFL QB Russell Wilson is still under a MLB contract?	Nope. Did you know that top bowlers made more that football players in the 1960's. Boy has that changed!
Nope. Did you know that top bowlers made more that football players in the 1960's. Boy has that changed!	That is hard to believe! Did you know that SB winning QB Brad Johnson is the only QB in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself?
That is hard to believe! Did you know that SB winning QB Brad Johnson is the only QB in NFL history to throw a touchdown pass to himself?	That's funny... I guess ESPN has a "Total Quarterback Rating". It sounds controversial to me...
That's funny... I guess ESPN has a "Total Quarterback Rating". It sounds controversial to me...	Hmmm. I wonder how that works. Do you know the huge American flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50k to make?!
Hmmm. I wonder how that works. Do you know the huge American flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50k to make?!	It's worth it... I can't see Betsy Ross making that one. Did you know Tom Brady is on his 6th championship ring?
It's worth it... I can't see Betsy Ross making that one. Did you know Tom Brady is on his 6th championship ring?	I did know that. Hard to believe. I just learned Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school FB team.
I did know that. Hard to believe. I just learned Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school FB team.	That's cool. I hope he left out the expletives. I can't believe Brady has never eaten a strawberry? What's up with that?
That's cool. I hope he left out the expletives. I can't believe Brady has never eaten a strawberry? What's up with that?	I hope. Oh, that is weird! I have heard that only 2 NFL Superbowl's since 2002's championship game have not included either Tom Brady or Peyton Manning.
I hope. Oh, that is weird! I have heard that only 2 NFL Superbowl's since 2002's championship game have not included either Tom Brady or Peyton Manning.	Brady's wife makes more than twice what he does as a model. I wish I had that cash flow.
Brady's wife makes more than twice what he does as a model. I wish I had that cash flow.	I'd like that $. I wonder why Tom Brady was picked was picked 199th in the 2000 NFL draft.
I'd like that $. I wonder why Tom Brady was picked was picked 199th in the 2000 NFL draft.	That is weird. Daft picking is so ify. Why does Belichick list Brady on the injury report every week, injured or not. Is that ethical?
That is weird. Daft picking is so ify. Why does Belichick list Brady on the injury report every week, injured or not. Is that ethical?	I would say no, unless there's a reason. I know Brady, Calvin Johnson, Carson Palmer and Jimmy Graham all have NFL rules named after them.
I would say no, unless there's a reason. I know Brady, Calvin Johnson, Carson Palmer and Jimmy Graham all have NFL rules named after them.	I wonder if getting a rule named after you is a good or bad thing? Anyway, thanks for the excellent chat!
I wonder if getting a rule named after you is a good or bad thing? Anyway, thanks for the excellent chat!	What are your toughts on Trump?
What are your toughts on Trump?	Hello, i think its pretty cool that the president guest house is bigger than the white house.
Hello, i think its pretty cool that the president guest house is bigger than the white house.	It is cool and also really surprising, its a good thing we have a president other countries and nations suffer at the hand of a dictator.
It is cool and also really surprising, its a good thing we have a president other countries and nations suffer at the hand of a dictator.	Yes that is true. The first president of zimbabwe was President Banana
Yes that is true. The first president of zimbabwe was President Banana	Really Banana? that is a funny name, is that really his name or a nickname?
Really Banana? that is a funny name, is that really his name or a nickname?	Its his name, Canaan Banana.
Its his name, Canaan Banana.	Funny name, his parents really pulled a good one on him, did you know that before the year 1805 the runner up of an election would become vice president.
Funny name, his parents really pulled a good one on him, did you know that before the year 1805 the runner up of an election would become vice president.	That would be weird nowadays.
That would be weird nowadays.	Can you imagine Trump and Hillary in the same house? that would be a complete mess.
Can you imagine Trump and Hillary in the same house? that would be a complete mess.	That would be a train wreck! lol
That would be a train wreck! lol	I know right, its a good thing that has changed, do you listen to the radio?
I know right, its a good thing that has changed, do you listen to the radio?	I do sometimes, how about you?
I do sometimes, how about you?	I do, I like listening to the radio, there is an AM station that picks Jupiter storm waves.
I do, I like listening to the radio, there is an AM station that picks Jupiter storm waves.	That is really interesting, I would like to listen to that.
That is really interesting, I would like to listen to that.	I would like that as well, still haven't found it, I guess its only available at certain times of the year.
I would like that as well, still haven't found it, I guess its only available at certain times of the year.	Oh that makes sense. Soldiers used to make radios out of razors and pencils.
Oh that makes sense. Soldiers used to make radios out of razors and pencils.	They did? that sounds like a nice skill for survival, making a radio that way.
They did? that sounds like a nice skill for survival, making a radio that way.	Yeah, I have no idea how they did that, super creative lol
Yeah, I have no idea how they did that, super creative lol	It is creative, wouldnt have thought of that in a hundred years, nice way to make those radios, there is website with thousands of free drama episodes if you like those.
It is creative, wouldnt have thought of that in a hundred years, nice way to make those radios, there is website with thousands of free drama episodes if you like those.	I dont think I have ever heard a radio drama before, that is great to know though!
I dont think I have ever heard a radio drama before, that is great to know though!	You should really look some of them up, they are good specially if you are bored. It has been great chatting with you.
You should really look some of them up, they are good specially if you are bored. It has been great chatting with you.	Maybe, thanks for the recommendation. Have a good night.
Maybe, thanks for the recommendation. Have a good night.	Do you think our President is making a mockery of the government?
Do you think our President is making a mockery of the government?	Yes.
Yes.	His tweets are amusing to read.
His tweets are amusing to read.	Yeah,It seems the 4chan still enjoys him.I think the meme has gone too far with this.
Yeah,It seems the 4chan still enjoys him.I think the meme has gone too far with this.	Fox certainly loves him
Fox certainly loves him	What is your opinion on him?
What is your opinion on him?	I think he is a horrible example of a president
I think he is a horrible example of a president	At least he is fun to watch.I think senate wont let him to do much harm
At least he is fun to watch.I think senate wont let him to do much harm	We need to refer to him like Zimbabwe refers to theirs.
We need to refer to him like Zimbabwe refers to theirs.	How do they refer theirs?)
How do they refer theirs?)	They call him President Banana. lol
They call him President Banana. lol	The banana part is hilarious)Maybe president twitter?
The banana part is hilarious)Maybe president twitter?	hmmm, or something else
hmmm, or something else	I dont follow the election news that much. Was he elected the second time?
I dont follow the election news that much. Was he elected the second time?	No, its his first term.
No, its his first term.	When is the next election?
When is the next election?	2020
2020	Are the candidates who will participate in election known right now?
Are the candidates who will participate in election known right now?	Some of them but not all and not all of them are necessarily going to make it to the general election; some will likely drop out
Some of them but not all and not all of them are necessarily going to make it to the general election; some will likely drop out	It was fun with Trump, but i also hope we get a new president next election.
It was fun with Trump, but i also hope we get a new president next election.	So do I!
So do I!	Hello, how are you? DO you like football?
Hello, how are you? DO you like football?	I do like football. I'm a Patriots fan. Bill Belichick is such a cook, I love him. He lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week. Even though he shows no sign of injury!
I do like football. I'm a Patriots fan. Bill Belichick is such a cook, I love him. He lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week. Even though he shows no sign of injury!	Cool. I'm a Pat's fan as well. Did you know that Gisele make double Tom's salary?
Cool. I'm a Pat's fan as well. Did you know that Gisele make double Tom's salary?	Wow, they're able to live well then! I just can't believe that he's never eaten a strawberry.
Wow, they're able to live well then! I just can't believe that he's never eaten a strawberry.	I know right? He released a cook book called the food bible.
I know right? He released a cook book called the food bible.	I've heard about it. He knows what he's doing. He's been in good shape for all these years and has stayed healthy.
I've heard about it. He knows what he's doing. He's been in good shape for all these years and has stayed healthy.	I wonder if he will keep going or retire. Did you know that prior to 2007 that Brady never threw 30 touchdown passes in a single season? Then that year he threw 50.
I wonder if he will keep going or retire. Did you know that prior to 2007 that Brady never threw 30 touchdown passes in a single season? Then that year he threw 50.	I think he'll keep going until he can't. I just don't want to see him like Peyton. It hurt me seeing him on the field. Brady has been really dominant on the field. Him and Belichick have niether won or lost the Super Bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.
I think he'll keep going until he can't. I just don't want to see him like Peyton. It hurt me seeing him on the field. Brady has been really dominant on the field. Him and Belichick have niether won or lost the Super Bowl by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries.	I think he will as well, but I would want to go out with a bang, like winning a Superbowl. Did you know that Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled?
I think he will as well, but I would want to go out with a bang, like winning a Superbowl. Did you know that Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled?	I heard that. He's always been a reliable back with the Patriots and the Browns.
I heard that. He's always been a reliable back with the Patriots and the Browns.	Did you know that the circular huddle originates from a deaf QB who used the huddle to hide his hand signals?
Did you know that the circular huddle originates from a deaf QB who used the huddle to hide his hand signals?	I didn't know that. That's pretty genius. Speaking of geniuses, did you know that Alex Smith received his bachelors degree in two years?
I didn't know that. That's pretty genius. Speaking of geniuses, did you know that Alex Smith received his bachelors degree in two years?	Wow impressive. Did you know that the University of Iowa visitors locker room is completely pink?
Wow impressive. Did you know that the University of Iowa visitors locker room is completely pink?	I wonder if that fires up the opposing team? I'd want to beat them like Georgia Tech did to Cumberland in 1916...222-0!
I wonder if that fires up the opposing team? I'd want to beat them like Georgia Tech did to Cumberland in 1916...222-0!	Wow that's crazy. I don't even know how that is possible.
Wow that's crazy. I don't even know how that is possible.	They would have to score every 4 minutes or something like that. That's crazy!
They would have to score every 4 minutes or something like that. That's crazy!	The other team didn't get off the bench. Did you know in the 60's the top bowler's made twice as much as the top football players?
The other team didn't get off the bench. Did you know in the 60's the top bowler's made twice as much as the top football players?	That's crazy to think how the tides have turned. I wonder if there's more left handed bowlers than quarterbacks? Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL the last I've heard.
That's crazy to think how the tides have turned. I wonder if there's more left handed bowlers than quarterbacks? Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL the last I've heard.	I know you don't see many lefty QB's, i don't know if I've seen him play. Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow first down line?
I know you don't see many lefty QB's, i don't know if I've seen him play. Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for creating the yellow first down line?	That was a well earned Emmy!
That was a well earned Emmy!	Yes it was. It was nice chatting with you!
Yes it was. It was nice chatting with you!	How's it going? Pretty interesting some writers thought The Pats could beat the Eagles in the Super Bowl without Rob Gronkowski
How's it going? Pretty interesting some writers thought The Pats could beat the Eagles in the Super Bowl without Rob Gronkowski	hi how are you? Im doing great. The Pats won this time against LA, right? i didnt watch the game.
hi how are you? Im doing great. The Pats won this time against LA, right? i didnt watch the game.	Yea this year but last year they lost to eagles, even with Rob Gronkowski playing the entire game
Yea this year but last year they lost to eagles, even with Rob Gronkowski playing the entire game	The bowl last year was pretty good. there was a big comeback at the end, right?
The bowl last year was pretty good. there was a big comeback at the end, right?	I think there were quite a few lead changes throughout the game and I believe it was Brady's 8th super bowl apperance
I think there were quite a few lead changes throughout the game and I believe it was Brady's 8th super bowl apperance	He has six rings now? The man is a legend. he is not my favorite, but i understand why people like him.
He has six rings now? The man is a legend. he is not my favorite, but i understand why people like him.	Yea, he's accomplished a lot which is pretty amazing considering he was drafted in the sixth round of the draft
Yea, he's accomplished a lot which is pretty amazing considering he was drafted in the sixth round of the draft	nobody really understood his potential. and with Bill, he has found his place. those two have a few years left.
nobody really understood his potential. and with Bill, he has found his place. those two have a few years left.	Yea, Brady has really grown with Bill and really advanced in 2007 when he threw for 50 tds that season
Yea, Brady has really grown with Bill and really advanced in 2007 when he threw for 50 tds that season	he probably had some great receivers to help him out with that.
he probably had some great receivers to help him out with that.	Yea, in 2007 he did have Randy Moss on the team to throw to
Yea, in 2007 he did have Randy Moss on the team to throw to	And Gronk? he is the other guy? when did he start playing?
And Gronk? he is the other guy? when did he start playing?	I don't think he played with Brady until 2010
I don't think he played with Brady until 2010	Ok. Brady and Gronk seem to be wired together. Plus BIll B has some ungodly sense of the game.
Ok. Brady and Gronk seem to be wired together. Plus BIll B has some ungodly sense of the game.	Yea and a sense of humor, Belichick always lists Brady on the injury report every week despite Brady never missing a game
Yea and a sense of humor, Belichick always lists Brady on the injury report every week despite Brady never missing a game	Bill is trying to put the other team off balance. but crying wolf stops working eventually. LOL
Bill is trying to put the other team off balance. but crying wolf stops working eventually. LOL	Yea, Belichick is much better than Brady's jv coach who never started him despite the team never winning a game
Yea, Belichick is much better than Brady's jv coach who never started him despite the team never winning a game	what was up with that guy? he must have played favorites. it makes no sense.
what was up with that guy? he must have played favorites. it makes no sense.	Who knows, maybe his grandfather was the head coach of Cumberland when they lost to Georgia Tech by 222 points
Who knows, maybe his grandfather was the head coach of Cumberland when they lost to Georgia Tech by 222 points	what was the GT coach thinking? that is quite cruel. anyway, great chat!
what was the GT coach thinking? that is quite cruel. anyway, great chat!	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	I'm not much of a fan of Tom Brady, the quarterback for the Patriots.
I'm not much of a fan of Tom Brady, the quarterback for the Patriots.	I'm not a fan either, but he has an impressive record. Do you watch football?
I'm not a fan either, but he has an impressive record. Do you watch football?	I watch a little bit, because of my sons who love it! I agree with you he has a great record -- five Super Bowls is amazing!
I watch a little bit, because of my sons who love it! I agree with you he has a great record -- five Super Bowls is amazing!	I've never seen him play, but I know who he is. Do you have a favorite team?
I've never seen him play, but I know who he is. Do you have a favorite team?	I actually like the Patriots. I think it's a bit annoying though that Brady seems to be "above" the team in some ways. For example. he's skipped out on voluntary workouts with the team, and was on a yacht in Monaco instead. Pretty lame, agree?
I actually like the Patriots. I think it's a bit annoying though that Brady seems to be "above" the team in some ways. For example. he's skipped out on voluntary workouts with the team, and was on a yacht in Monaco instead. Pretty lame, agree?	I suspect he takes as many liberties as he can get away with. Do you think his actions are looked at negatively by his teammates?
I suspect he takes as many liberties as he can get away with. Do you think his actions are looked at negatively by his teammates?	I think so, yes, it's caused problems. One of the former defensive ends, Cassius Marsh, has been pretty outspoken about being unhappy there.
I think so, yes, it's caused problems. One of the former defensive ends, Cassius Marsh, has been pretty outspoken about being unhappy there.	Do you think players like Marsh are becoming too critical of each other?
Do you think players like Marsh are becoming too critical of each other?	Ha, probably so. They are all making a fortune! In Brady's case though, even the team owner Robert Kraft apparently had a little talk with him about not showing up for workouts!
Ha, probably so. They are all making a fortune! In Brady's case though, even the team owner Robert Kraft apparently had a little talk with him about not showing up for workouts!	Yeah, how about those salaries! It makes me sad that we pay athletes more than our teachers.
Yeah, how about those salaries! It makes me sad that we pay athletes more than our teachers.	The salaries are incredible! Of course, most football players don't work for that many years, so those are lifetime earning for them. Still a ton of money. Brady's wife makes more than twice as much as he does though.
The salaries are incredible! Of course, most football players don't work for that many years, so those are lifetime earning for them. Still a ton of money. Brady's wife makes more than twice as much as he does though.	Are you a soccer fan?
Are you a soccer fan?	No, I really don't follow soccer at all. Are you a fan? The biggest sport I'm interested in is baseball, actually.
No, I really don't follow soccer at all. Are you a fan? The biggest sport I'm interested in is baseball, actually.	I haven't been a football fan since Joe Namath retired...lol. Although I did watch the redskins for many years. Now tennis is my passion.
I haven't been a football fan since Joe Namath retired...lol. Although I did watch the redskins for many years. Now tennis is my passion.	Oh, the Redskins. They've had some rough years recently. They had that devastating injury to their quarterback Alex Smith. He was the first overall pick in the 2005 draft. Now he may lose his leg!
Oh, the Redskins. They've had some rough years recently. They had that devastating injury to their quarterback Alex Smith. He was the first overall pick in the 2005 draft. Now he may lose his leg!	I hate it when athletes are badly injured. Have you ever been to a professional game?
I hate it when athletes are badly injured. Have you ever been to a professional game?	I go to professional baseball games all the time. I haven't been to a professional football game since the Colts were in Baltimore! How about you?
I go to professional baseball games all the time. I haven't been to a professional football game since the Colts were in Baltimore! How about you?	Baltimore brings to mind the time my dad and I went to see the Orioles. Jim what's his name with the blue eyes was pitching. It was in the 70s.
Baltimore brings to mind the time my dad and I went to see the Orioles. Jim what's his name with the blue eyes was pitching. It was in the 70s.	Jim Palmer! Sounds like we grew up in the same era! Palmer did the Jockey underwear ads. My mom and all her friends swooned!
Jim Palmer! Sounds like we grew up in the same era! Palmer did the Jockey underwear ads. My mom and all her friends swooned!	Jim Palmer--yes! What a gorgeous man! But I digress...do you know if Brady has a good relationship with his coach?
Jim Palmer--yes! What a gorgeous man! But I digress...do you know if Brady has a good relationship with his coach?	I think the egos clash a bit, between Brady and Belichick. Brady does his own thing. He even had his own personal trainer in the locker room in previous seasons. The coach can't like that.
I think the egos clash a bit, between Brady and Belichick. Brady does his own thing. He even had his own personal trainer in the locker room in previous seasons. The coach can't like that.	How much does the coach earn, if you know?
How much does the coach earn, if you know?	Oh, I have no idea, but I think they do pretty well. I'm sure there are bonuses for how well the team does, how they do in playoffs, and things like that.
Oh, I have no idea, but I think they do pretty well. I'm sure there are bonuses for how well the team does, how they do in playoffs, and things like that.	Thanks for the chat!
Thanks for the chat!	You too!
You too!	When did you see your first baseball game?
When did you see your first baseball game?	hello, nfl watcher?
hello, nfl watcher?	yes i am. i love football
yes i am. i love football	how about these nfl games that were played last year and this year for the playoffs so far
how about these nfl games that were played last year and this year for the playoffs so far	They have been crazy! I really liked the Eagles vs Vikings game in the NFC championship last year.
They have been crazy! I really liked the Eagles vs Vikings game in the NFC championship last year.	yes the battle of backup qb, it was an interesting year
yes the battle of backup qb, it was an interesting year	I was very happy when the New York Giants upset the New England Patriots.
I was very happy when the New York Giants upset the New England Patriots.	for sure, patriots need to stop winning and teams like them need to stop them, have a favorite quarterback?
for sure, patriots need to stop winning and teams like them need to stop them, have a favorite quarterback?	My favorite quarterback is Eli Manning of the New York Giants.
My favorite quarterback is Eli Manning of the New York Giants.	nice, I don't really have one, but i love interesting facts about them, did you know the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback/
nice, I don't really have one, but i love interesting facts about them, did you know the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback/	No I did not! That is surprising. I did hear that Alex Smith took so many AP classes in High school that he started college as a Junior!
No I did not! That is surprising. I did hear that Alex Smith took so many AP classes in High school that he started college as a Junior!	that is crazy, i wish i had that motivation in high school, I would've been ahead. At least Smith has a backup to use since his injury
that is crazy, i wish i had that motivation in high school, I would've been ahead. At least Smith has a backup to use since his injury	I wish I were Tom Brady. His wife Gisele is a model and makes more than double his salary. Great Life!
I wish I were Tom Brady. His wife Gisele is a model and makes more than double his salary. Great Life!	for sure, she is very pretty! Tom brady is considered the biggest steal in nfl draft history, but his wife may be a bigger steal!
for sure, she is very pretty! Tom brady is considered the biggest steal in nfl draft history, but his wife may be a bigger steal!	Apparently, Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week.
Apparently, Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week.	that is so interesting and a very interesting method, makes sense somewhat.
that is so interesting and a very interesting method, makes sense somewhat.	I suppose some call it gamesmanship and others call it cheating.
I suppose some call it gamesmanship and others call it cheating.	good perspective lol, speaking of the patriots, did you know benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled in his career!
good perspective lol, speaking of the patriots, did you know benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled in his career!	No. That is a fantastic accomplishment.
No. That is a fantastic accomplishment.	for sure, great chatting with you!
for sure, great chatting with you!	I hope you enjoy the football game!
I hope you enjoy the football game!	you too!
you too!	Hey! With all this presidential talk lately, I think it is important to laugh. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!?
Hey! With all this presidential talk lately, I think it is important to laugh. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!?	Ha! You're kidding me? That is funny! Ha! Although not as humorous, I still found it funny that the Indonesia president has released not one, not two, but three pop albums while serving in office! Ha!
Ha! You're kidding me? That is funny! Ha! Although not as humorous, I still found it funny that the Indonesia president has released not one, not two, but three pop albums while serving in office! Ha!	The first one must have gone really well! Despite all the wealth Trump talks about, he is not one of the three wealthiest presidents.
The first one must have gone really well! Despite all the wealth Trump talks about, he is not one of the three wealthiest presidents.	That's almost unbelievable, isn't it? I know the top three were Jefferson, JFK and Washington. I suppose they must measure by inflation!
That's almost unbelievable, isn't it? I know the top three were Jefferson, JFK and Washington. I suppose they must measure by inflation!	Oh yes, definitely by inflation. Everything is a lot different from the Washington and Jefferson days. Until 1805 the vice president was chosen by being runner up in the presidential election.
Oh yes, definitely by inflation. Everything is a lot different from the Washington and Jefferson days. Until 1805 the vice president was chosen by being runner up in the presidential election.	Could you imagine the chaos if that rule was still in place? Yikes! You know what else surprises me? The president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
Could you imagine the chaos if that rule was still in place? Yikes! You know what else surprises me? The president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!	That is very shocking! I think it is hilarious that Nevada has a "none of these candidates" option when voting for president.
That is very shocking! I think it is hilarious that Nevada has a "none of these candidates" option when voting for president.	That is hilarious! Ha! Can you also believe that voter turnout in the US for presidential elections hasn't surpassed 62.8% in the last 100 years? That's kind of disappointing.
That is hilarious! Ha! Can you also believe that voter turnout in the US for presidential elections hasn't surpassed 62.8% in the last 100 years? That's kind of disappointing.	That is crazy and disappointing. When in doubt, go with the taller president. They have won 75% of the time since 1900.
That is crazy and disappointing. When in doubt, go with the taller president. They have won 75% of the time since 1900.	Is that so? I'll have to bet on the tallest presidential candidate during the next election then! At least we're not like ancient Athens where officials were actually appointed by lottery as they thought elections would lead to an oligarchy!
Is that so? I'll have to bet on the tallest presidential candidate during the next election then! At least we're not like ancient Athens where officials were actually appointed by lottery as they thought elections would lead to an oligarchy!	Wow, that would cause anarchy!
Wow, that would cause anarchy!	No kidding! But then again, back in 2012, international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states during the election. I'm really surprised that didn't stir anything up!
No kidding! But then again, back in 2012, international electoral observers were blocked from the polls in 9 states during the election. I'm really surprised that didn't stir anything up!	Yea, imagine if that was the 2016 election. Things have changed so much. Now we can do everything from our phones, but in WW2 soldiers were making radios out of razorblades and pencils!
Yea, imagine if that was the 2016 election. Things have changed so much. Now we can do everything from our phones, but in WW2 soldiers were making radios out of razorblades and pencils!	Did they really? Well speaking of radios, I sometimes like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. It is fascinating to hear!
Did they really? Well speaking of radios, I sometimes like to break out the old AM radio and listen to those Jupiter radio storms. It is fascinating to hear!	I need to do that, sounds amazing. A lot more fun than being than the radio in Finland listening to a news program in classical Latin!
I need to do that, sounds amazing. A lot more fun than being than the radio in Finland listening to a news program in classical Latin!	You're right about that! But there's also a website that has thousands of classic radio dramas for no charge that I enjoy visiting from time to time. It's better than listening to classical Latin as well. Ha!
You're right about that! But there's also a website that has thousands of classic radio dramas for no charge that I enjoy visiting from time to time. It's better than listening to classical Latin as well. Ha!	Yes, that sounds fun. Glad we have a lot of flexibility! In Canada 40% of the songs played on the radio must be Canadian!
Yes, that sounds fun. Glad we have a lot of flexibility! In Canada 40% of the songs played on the radio must be Canadian!	Wow! It's like, how would they know what's Canadian and what isn't? Going back to the elections, I wonder if Canadians would vote for a politician that gets rid of that silly law? I'd vote for any legislature, executive or judiciary candidate willing to get rid of that law! Ha!
Wow! It's like, how would they know what's Canadian and what isn't? Going back to the elections, I wonder if Canadians would vote for a politician that gets rid of that silly law? I'd vote for any legislature, executive or judiciary candidate willing to get rid of that law! Ha!	Yup, then you can get deep into the study of election results/ statistics. It is called psephology.
Yup, then you can get deep into the study of election results/ statistics. It is called psephology.	Agreed. And since presidents are more prominent in republics, perhaps he'd have the power to rewrite that law as well!
Agreed. And since presidents are more prominent in republics, perhaps he'd have the power to rewrite that law as well!	Yup, better than having an authoritarian regime or dictatorship!
Yup, better than having an authoritarian regime or dictatorship!	That's the truth. I couldn't imagine living under a dictator and a one party state. I bet it would be horrifying! Even more terrifying some dictators are also called president. Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care, friend!
That's the truth. I couldn't imagine living under a dictator and a one party state. I bet it would be horrifying! Even more terrifying some dictators are also called president. Well it was great chatting with you today! Take care, friend!	Hey, do you like football?
Hey, do you like football?	Yes, NFL. Do you have a fav team?
Yes, NFL. Do you have a fav team?	No, but I find it interesting Tom Brady;s wife makes a lot more money than him.
No, but I find it interesting Tom Brady;s wife makes a lot more money than him.	Yes, but her beauty and sponsors will fade. His...who knows? After the NFL, he still has $$$ sponsors for decades!
Yes, but her beauty and sponsors will fade. His...who knows? After the NFL, he still has $$$ sponsors for decades!	Yeah, he is such a successful quarterback.
Yeah, he is such a successful quarterback.	Right, as in THE most successful QB of all time now, with SB LII win (6 rings).
Right, as in THE most successful QB of all time now, with SB LII win (6 rings).	He is one of the only two players to have won five Super Bowls.
He is one of the only two players to have won five Super Bowls.	Now, six. Glad to see that his TE, Rob Gronkowski, won MVP this year. Brady's already won that honor in 4 other SB wins. Ever see Brady pass to Gronkowski?
Now, six. Glad to see that his TE, Rob Gronkowski, won MVP this year. Brady's already won that honor in 4 other SB wins. Ever see Brady pass to Gronkowski?	No. I have to say he assumes the leading role on a football team well.
No. I have to say he assumes the leading role on a football team well.	Brady. You bet. Gronkowski, with his long brown beard, is pretty distinctive, too. Brady passes to him 19% of the time, which is a lot. No question Brady is a great team leader. Coach Belichick, too.
Brady. You bet. Gronkowski, with his long brown beard, is pretty distinctive, too. Brady passes to him 19% of the time, which is a lot. No question Brady is a great team leader. Coach Belichick, too.	Talking about stats, rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled a football.
Talking about stats, rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled a football.	Yeah, another Patriot RB. Fun fact. Do you follow college football - or soccer?
Yeah, another Patriot RB. Fun fact. Do you follow college football - or soccer?	Yeah. The word football has different meanings depending on the region.
Yeah. The word football has different meanings depending on the region.	Absolutely. Region or country. In Australia, most football is rugby. Most worldwide "football" is soccer - way bigger than US football in terms of fans.
Absolutely. Region or country. In Australia, most football is rugby. Most worldwide "football" is soccer - way bigger than US football in terms of fans.	I find it somewhat ironic the huddle in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback.
I find it somewhat ironic the huddle in today's football was created by a deaf quarterback.	Yeah. Had to hand signal. Makes sense. Did you notice not all teams huddle anymore?
Yeah. Had to hand signal. Makes sense. Did you notice not all teams huddle anymore?	Yeah. To add to Gronkowski's glory, he was the second best run blocking tight end.
Yeah. To add to Gronkowski's glory, he was the second best run blocking tight end.	I know! Blocking for other RBs when the pass was not shot to him. Got knocked out of Jags game w/concussion, only few weeks before this yr's SB. But he played!
I know! Blocking for other RBs when the pass was not shot to him. Got knocked out of Jags game w/concussion, only few weeks before this yr's SB. But he played!	I guess though that the Patriots wouldn't be very negatively affected by his absence, because they have other good players that rank near his ability.
I guess though that the Patriots wouldn't be very negatively affected by his absence, because they have other good players that rank near his ability.	Agreed. Brandin Cooks and Danny Amendola come to mind. Brady can target other players, too. Deep offensive line!
Agreed. Brandin Cooks and Danny Amendola come to mind. Brady can target other players, too. Deep offensive line!	Yeah. Well thanks for the conversation. Have a good day.
Yeah. Well thanks for the conversation. Have a good day.	You bet. Hope you enjoy your fav sports!
You bet. Hope you enjoy your fav sports!	Hi. Do you play or watch football?
Hi. Do you play or watch football?	Hi! I love to watch football! I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech set the highest score record over Cumberland by beating them 222-0 back in 1916 though. I bet that was fun to watch. Do you watch football as well?
Hi! I love to watch football! I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech set the highest score record over Cumberland by beating them 222-0 back in 1916 though. I bet that was fun to watch. Do you watch football as well?	On the contrary, I would find it boring. Cumberland players might be asleep while playing football.
On the contrary, I would find it boring. Cumberland players might be asleep while playing football.	You know, perhaps if Cumberland had to sit in a pink lockerroom like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa, they may have been a little more motivated. Ha!
You know, perhaps if Cumberland had to sit in a pink lockerroom like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa, they may have been a little more motivated. Ha!	That was funny. Yes, I heard about the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams.
That was funny. Yes, I heard about the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams.	Did you also hear that the top bowlers made double what the top football players made back in the 1960s? That's kind of sad really considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.
Did you also hear that the top bowlers made double what the top football players made back in the 1960s? That's kind of sad really considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is.	I agree with you. Things had changed considerably though. Bowlers make pennies now compared to professional football players.
I agree with you. Things had changed considerably though. Bowlers make pennies now compared to professional football players.	Indeed they do and rightfully so, in my opinion. Just think if Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career played in the 60s. He would have been ripped off and that's so wrong!
Indeed they do and rightfully so, in my opinion. Just think if Benjarvus Green-Ellis who's never fumbled the football in his entire pro career played in the 60s. He would have been ripped off and that's so wrong!	Yes, it would be wrong. I like Green-Ellis. He is a talented football player.
Yes, it would be wrong. I like Green-Ellis. He is a talented football player.	Indeed he is! Do you also like Kellan Moore? It's crazy to think he's the only left handed QB in the entire league!
Indeed he is! Do you also like Kellan Moore? It's crazy to think he's the only left handed QB in the entire league!	That was an interesting fact (about Kellan Moore). Are you familiar with Tom Brady?
That was an interesting fact (about Kellan Moore). Are you familiar with Tom Brady?	I am and love Brady. Although I still can't believe his JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown that season. I bet his old coach still kicks himself to this day over that mistake! Are you a fan of Brady?
I am and love Brady. Although I still can't believe his JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown that season. I bet his old coach still kicks himself to this day over that mistake! Are you a fan of Brady?	I'm sure he does not get free football games tickets from Tom Brady.
I'm sure he does not get free football games tickets from Tom Brady.	No kidding! Ha! Speaking of Brady, I wonder what his wife Gisele does? I ask because she makes over double what he makes, which must be a lot!
No kidding! Ha! Speaking of Brady, I wonder what his wife Gisele does? I ask because she makes over double what he makes, which must be a lot!	I cannot believe that she makes more than he does - perhaps the article was written when Tom Brady was not well known. What does she do?
I cannot believe that she makes more than he does - perhaps the article was written when Tom Brady was not well known. What does she do?	That's a good question. She is obviously loaded and they aren't hurting for money. Ha! But to me, I think the fact that Brady has never eaten a strawberry is even more bizarre. It's like, how has he never eaten a strawberry? Ha!
That's a good question. She is obviously loaded and they aren't hurting for money. Ha! But to me, I think the fact that Brady has never eaten a strawberry is even more bizarre. It's like, how has he never eaten a strawberry? Ha!	That was strange. He should have tried at least once and could then decide not to like it.
That was strange. He should have tried at least once and could then decide not to like it.	Exactly. But He is a 4 time Super Bowl MVP winner, 3 time league MVP winner and is the only QB to ever reach 200 regular season wins so I guess he can eat whatever he so desires. Ha!
Exactly. But He is a 4 time Super Bowl MVP winner, 3 time league MVP winner and is the only QB to ever reach 200 regular season wins so I guess he can eat whatever he so desires. Ha!	You are right. I heard that Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week, even though there was no sign of injury. Do you know why?
You are right. I heard that Bill Belichick lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week, even though there was no sign of injury. Do you know why?	I honestly don't but it's worth finding out why as that is strange! I do know, however, that Belichick and Brady have both either won or lost the Super Bowl by 3 to 4 points in 6 tries!
I honestly don't but it's worth finding out why as that is strange! I do know, however, that Belichick and Brady have both either won or lost the Super Bowl by 3 to 4 points in 6 tries!	That was an interesting fact. You know quite a lot about football.
That was an interesting fact. You know quite a lot about football.	I just love everything about it! Although honestly, now I don't think I could watch a game without the yellow first down line that ESPN created and won an Emmy for. It has spoiled me! Ha! Well it was nice chatting with you today! Have a great day, friend!
I just love everything about it! Although honestly, now I don't think I could watch a game without the yellow first down line that ESPN created and won an Emmy for. It has spoiled me! Ha! Well it was nice chatting with you today! Have a great day, friend!	Thank you for the info about ESPN and the yellow first down line. Have a great day to you too!
Thank you for the info about ESPN and the yellow first down line. Have a great day to you too!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm good how about yourself? Do you like football?
I'm good how about yourself? Do you like football?	I love football, I am a big Eagles fan, still excited about the superbowl win over the Patriots!
I love football, I am a big Eagles fan, still excited about the superbowl win over the Patriots!	Cool, I'm not a big fan but I do tend to watch sometimes, especially the Superbowl. It is interesting that Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become a competitive gamer.
Cool, I'm not a big fan but I do tend to watch sometimes, especially the Superbowl. It is interesting that Baker Mayfield almost quit football to become a competitive gamer.	I have heard that as well, I know he was very good at Halo!
I have heard that as well, I know he was very good at Halo!	Oh yes, he claimed he could beat anyone at halo 3 at the University of Oklahoma!
Oh yes, he claimed he could beat anyone at halo 3 at the University of Oklahoma!	I believe that, if he is good enough he could have made a living from it!
I believe that, if he is good enough he could have made a living from it!	Yes I agree. I heard the highest score ever in football was 222-0 in 1916. Wow that is a crazy score.
Yes I agree. I heard the highest score ever in football was 222-0 in 1916. Wow that is a crazy score.	That was a college game right? I had seen a video about that before
That was a college game right? I had seen a video about that before	Yes Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. Interesting game i bet.
Yes Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. Interesting game i bet.	I bet it was almost comical in how lopsided it was, college is always like that, but not to that extent
I bet it was almost comical in how lopsided it was, college is always like that, but not to that extent	Yeah. Did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink, on the visiting teams side of course?
Yeah. Did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink, on the visiting teams side of course?	I did not know that, that is hilarious, I wonder if their home record shows that it makes any type of difference?
I did not know that, that is hilarious, I wonder if their home record shows that it makes any type of difference?	I'm curious to that as well, would pink paint really make a difference in play?
I'm curious to that as well, would pink paint really make a difference in play?	Maybe it actually makes them more upset and angry!
Maybe it actually makes them more upset and angry!	Yes which would be doing the opposite of their intentions, too funny. Alex Smith received his bachelor's degree in only two years, I wish I could do the same.
Yes which would be doing the opposite of their intentions, too funny. Alex Smith received his bachelor's degree in only two years, I wish I could do the same.	I do too, he is a very bright person! QBs have to be very smart
I do too, he is a very bright person! QBs have to be very smart	I agree with that, the game is centered around the importance of the QBs plays. They are the leaders of the offensive team after all.
I agree with that, the game is centered around the importance of the QBs plays. They are the leaders of the offensive team after all.	They are still sort of underpaid in my opinion. I think that it is crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players!
They are still sort of underpaid in my opinion. I think that it is crazy that bowlers used to make more than football players!	Wow, that is new to me. Bowling is so much easier to play I would think.
Wow, that is new to me. Bowling is so much easier to play I would think.	I think so too, or at the very least it is certainly safer!
I think so too, or at the very least it is certainly safer!	Hi, how are you? Do you follow football?
Hi, how are you? Do you follow football?	Hey Friend, I really don't follow myself, but my whole family does, so I know a little about it. I grew up in New England so they're all Patriots fans.
Hey Friend, I really don't follow myself, but my whole family does, so I know a little about it. I grew up in New England so they're all Patriots fans.	The Patriots really are the team to beat. I remember way back when, they were terrible. Now TB and Bill are the best.
The Patriots really are the team to beat. I remember way back when, they were terrible. Now TB and Bill are the best.	Right, they really brought that team together. Tom Brady is really pretty special. I didn't realize he was that old, I guess. Not that 41 is old, but for a footballer..
Right, they really brought that team together. Tom Brady is really pretty special. I didn't realize he was that old, I guess. Not that 41 is old, but for a footballer..	He must be getting close to retirement. I can't imagine money is an issue. Nor is legacy.
He must be getting close to retirement. I can't imagine money is an issue. Nor is legacy.	I would imagine he must be. I think the Patriots are kind of seeing the end of an era not. Belichick is 66, Rob Gronkowski is pondering hanging up his hat it sounds like. Maybe if they had won the superbowl against the eagles it would have been different.
I would imagine he must be. I think the Patriots are kind of seeing the end of an era not. Belichick is 66, Rob Gronkowski is pondering hanging up his hat it sounds like. Maybe if they had won the superbowl against the eagles it would have been different.	The sport takes its toll on the body and mind. No reason to keep going if you're not going to be able to enjoy the money.
The sport takes its toll on the body and mind. No reason to keep going if you're not going to be able to enjoy the money.	Oh definitely. You can only get bashed in the brain box so many times before it starts to really effect you. If it weren't for the enormous toll they put on their bodies I would feel their salaries were disgusting. But some of them probably don't have many options after retirement.
Oh definitely. You can only get bashed in the brain box so many times before it starts to really effect you. If it weren't for the enormous toll they put on their bodies I would feel their salaries were disgusting. But some of them probably don't have many options after retirement.	The money that the game attracts for the owners and the advertisers justifies the salaries. They wouldn't get paid unless others could make money off it.
The money that the game attracts for the owners and the advertisers justifies the salaries. They wouldn't get paid unless others could make money off it.	I imagine there is a lot of drama behind the scenes. I know the coaches always come under a lot of heat for decisions to bench and trade players off. They probably can't afford for Brady to retire after they let Garoppolo go to San Fran.
I imagine there is a lot of drama behind the scenes. I know the coaches always come under a lot of heat for decisions to bench and trade players off. They probably can't afford for Brady to retire after they let Garoppolo go to San Fran.	Brady can keep going only for so long. What if he gets injured? They need a backup plan. I'm sure Bill has something up his sleeve.
Brady can keep going only for so long. What if he gets injured? They need a backup plan. I'm sure Bill has something up his sleeve.	I'm sure he does. But for now, he shows no intention of leaving. He's still breaking records on a regular basis, he's the oldest player to be awarded MVP for the super bowl game, I think.
I'm sure he does. But for now, he shows no intention of leaving. He's still breaking records on a regular basis, he's the oldest player to be awarded MVP for the super bowl game, I think.	That's astounding. The guy really exceeded all expectations. When he was young, he was not recognized for his potential.
That's astounding. The guy really exceeded all expectations. When he was young, he was not recognized for his potential.	He really did. I wonder if he'll turn out to be like Peyton Manning, who was just aces until all of a sudden he wasn't anymore and they retired him. He went downhill like the drop of a hat.
He really did. I wonder if he'll turn out to be like Peyton Manning, who was just aces until all of a sudden he wasn't anymore and they retired him. He went downhill like the drop of a hat.	I think there comes a day when you just can't compete at the pro level. It's tough. New guys come in, the game changes, and no amount of conditioning can change that.
I think there comes a day when you just can't compete at the pro level. It's tough. New guys come in, the game changes, and no amount of conditioning can change that.	Definitely. Brady hasn't beaten up as badly as Manning was though, he hasn't had nearly as many injuries and just seems to be in better health in general. So maybe he won't burn out the same way he did. There is speculation that he still has several seasons left in him. It must be exhausting at that age.
Definitely. Brady hasn't beaten up as badly as Manning was though, he hasn't had nearly as many injuries and just seems to be in better health in general. So maybe he won't burn out the same way he did. There is speculation that he still has several seasons left in him. It must be exhausting at that age.	I think it's unwise to bank on a player that age. A team has got to develop new talent. Maybe they can get someone through trades, but there is so much to learn.
I think it's unwise to bank on a player that age. A team has got to develop new talent. Maybe they can get someone through trades, but there is so much to learn.	It will be interesting to see what they do. , maybe McDaniels will stay instead of going to coach the colts. Gronkowski's future seems unsure. He's only 29 but has had a number of injuries.
It will be interesting to see what they do. , maybe McDaniels will stay instead of going to coach the colts. Gronkowski's future seems unsure. He's only 29 but has had a number of injuries.	I think these guys have to consider life after football. They will retire and will need to use that body later on.
I think these guys have to consider life after football. They will retire and will need to use that body later on.	I think so too, I think he and his wife Gisele have a few kids, and she makes more money even than he does. I would want to settle down and enjoy life before I get too old and sore.
I think so too, I think he and his wife Gisele have a few kids, and she makes more money even than he does. I would want to settle down and enjoy life before I get too old and sore.	Enjoy time with your kids. He can coach, too. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!
Enjoy time with your kids. He can coach, too. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	It was nice talking to you! Have a great night!
It was nice talking to you! Have a great night!	Do you like football?
Do you like football?	I do like football. Do you like it?
I do like football. Do you like it?	I enjoy playing football and have a passing knowledge of the sport
I enjoy playing football and have a passing knowledge of the sport	Nice. Who is your favorite team?
Nice. Who is your favorite team?	I don't have a particular favorite team, but I prefer specific players like the QB Tom Brady. I tend to like QB since they are the core of any offense
I don't have a particular favorite team, but I prefer specific players like the QB Tom Brady. I tend to like QB since they are the core of any offense	Me too! Did you know tom brady didn't start on his HS team? And he has 6 super bowl championships!
Me too! Did you know tom brady didn't start on his HS team? And he has 6 super bowl championships!	I wonder if the coach hated tom brady to never play his during hs despite having the worst season in the schools history
I wonder if the coach hated tom brady to never play his during hs despite having the worst season in the schools history	If he hated him, he would have put him in to get hit over and over. Mabe he liked him...
If he hated him, he would have put him in to get hit over and over. Mabe he liked him...	Perhaps, but to not play him at all the entire season seems a stretch. I mean in 2007, he threw a record 50 touchdown passes
Perhaps, but to not play him at all the entire season seems a stretch. I mean in 2007, he threw a record 50 touchdown passes	Yeah. He's a really good QB. Probably the best ever. And he's married to a super model!
Yeah. He's a really good QB. Probably the best ever. And he's married to a super model!	Doesn't she make 2x his salary? Power couple
Doesn't she make 2x his salary? Power couple	yeah! I would love for my wife to make double what I make. I am not some macho guy, I am a capitalist above all!
yeah! I would love for my wife to make double what I make. I am not some macho guy, I am a capitalist above all!	Speaking about Brady, I heard he never ate a strawberry. Seems a shame. I wonder if he doesn't eat it to say he never has
Speaking about Brady, I heard he never ate a strawberry. Seems a shame. I wonder if he doesn't eat it to say he never has	He has some crazy diet. He likes avacado ice cream. Yuck!
He has some crazy diet. He likes avacado ice cream. Yuck!	I actually have never tasted it so I can't really say. Sound healthy in a way tho
I actually have never tasted it so I can't really say. Sound healthy in a way tho	it is healthy but when I eat ice cream, I want chocolate and peanut butter and a lot of it. Not avacados...
it is healthy but when I eat ice cream, I want chocolate and peanut butter and a lot of it. Not avacados...	Personally Green tea is my favorite. By the way, do you like any other QB?
Personally Green tea is my favorite. By the way, do you like any other QB?	I like Jay Cutler because he makes me laugh.
I like Jay Cutler because he makes me laugh.	Really? How so? Personally I respect green ellis since he has never fumbled the ball his entire career
Really? How so? Personally I respect green ellis since he has never fumbled the ball his entire career	Yeah, he was a really good QB. Jay is married to Kristin Cavalari and she has a show on E which he makes appearances on.
Yeah, he was a really good QB. Jay is married to Kristin Cavalari and she has a show on E which he makes appearances on.	Well thank you for that information. I had an enjoyable chat and I will go check out Jay Cutler after this chat.
Well thank you for that information. I had an enjoyable chat and I will go check out Jay Cutler after this chat.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Are you a Tom Brady fan?
Are you a Tom Brady fan?	Hello, no I am not. I do find it oddly satisfying that his wife makes more money than he does
Hello, no I am not. I do find it oddly satisfying that his wife makes more money than he does	Interesting. I think he is a good quarterback.
Interesting. I think he is a good quarterback.	lol. Is that why Belichick lists him on the injury list each week?
lol. Is that why Belichick lists him on the injury list each week?	Yeah, I think it is to trick the other team.
Yeah, I think it is to trick the other team.	That doesn't make any sense. It's hilarious that his high school coach wouldn't start him.
That doesn't make any sense. It's hilarious that his high school coach wouldn't start him.	Yeah, that is weird, same with the strawberry.
Yeah, that is weird, same with the strawberry.	Is that due to his weird diet, like the avocado ice cream?
Is that due to his weird diet, like the avocado ice cream?	Yeah, who knows. It works so perhaps he doesn't change it.
Yeah, who knows. It works so perhaps he doesn't change it.	Now that Cleveland has OBJ, I bet Mayfield is thankful he didn't quit to become a pro gamer.
Now that Cleveland has OBJ, I bet Mayfield is thankful he didn't quit to become a pro gamer.	Apparently there is only one lefty quarterback as well.
Apparently there is only one lefty quarterback as well.	That is so weird. I do think it's great that they still use the circular huddle.
That is so weird. I do think it's great that they still use the circular huddle.	Yeah, that was made to hide hand signals.
Yeah, that was made to hide hand signals.	It's amazing it took a deaf player for them to figure that one out.
It's amazing it took a deaf player for them to figure that one out.	That is pretty cool. What about pink locker rooms, ever hear of that?
That is pretty cool. What about pink locker rooms, ever hear of that?	Isn't that the U of IA?
Isn't that the U of IA?	Yeah, they painted the guest locker room pink.
Yeah, they painted the guest locker room pink.	It's weird how the top bowlers used to make more than the top football players.
It's weird how the top bowlers used to make more than the top football players.	I know crazy, right? It reminds me of the movie Kingpin. Well, nice chatting. Have a nice evening.
I know crazy, right? It reminds me of the movie Kingpin. Well, nice chatting. Have a nice evening.	Thank you, you too.
Thank you, you too.	Take it easy.
Take it easy.	Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JKF, Jefferson, and Washington.
Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JKF, Jefferson, and Washington.	No, that's interesting. I thought Trump would be up there.
No, that's interesting. I thought Trump would be up there.	I bet Trump would be on that list. I have feeling it's an outdated list.
I bet Trump would be on that list. I have feeling it's an outdated list.	I heard the president's guest house is larger than the white house.
I heard the president's guest house is larger than the white house.	That's pretty amazing. I have heard that as well.
That's pretty amazing. I have heard that as well.	I wonder who stays in it.
I wonder who stays in it.	Not too sure to be honest. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana.
Not too sure to be honest. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana.	That's a funny name, I heard the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. He must have a lot of time on his hands.
That's a funny name, I heard the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. He must have a lot of time on his hands.	That's pretty funny. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop artist too?
That's pretty funny. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop artist too?	I'm surprised he hasn't released one. I heard you can pickup radio waves from Jupiter on an AM radio.
I'm surprised he hasn't released one. I heard you can pickup radio waves from Jupiter on an AM radio.	That is pretty cool. I would love to hear Jupiter from here on Earth.
That is pretty cool. I would love to hear Jupiter from here on Earth.	I guess we can, or someone can.
I guess we can, or someone can.	In Canada, they must play 40% of Canadian music on the radio.
In Canada, they must play 40% of Canadian music on the radio.	That's fair, no one has to listen to it they just have to play it.
That's fair, no one has to listen to it they just have to play it.	Soldiers in WWII made radios using pencils and razorblades.
Soldiers in WWII made radios using pencils and razorblades.	Wow, that's really creative. I wonder how well that works.
Wow, that's really creative. I wonder how well that works.	They use those as a diode apparently. I bet it boosted morale for the troops.
They use those as a diode apparently. I bet it boosted morale for the troops.	Yeah, that's a good distraction from war.
Yeah, that's a good distraction from war.	I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of dramas from free.
I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of dramas from free.	I wonder if they're any good. They still have a radio show broadcast in classic Latin.
I wonder if they're any good. They still have a radio show broadcast in classic Latin.	It was good talking to you.
It was good talking to you.	Hey what do you think about Stormy Daniels by the way? Do you think she is right or wrong
Hey what do you think about Stormy Daniels by the way? Do you think she is right or wrong	Isn't she a porn star?
Isn't she a porn star?	Yes and she accused President Trump of having sexual relations with her. I guess she also started a lawsuit against him
Yes and she accused President Trump of having sexual relations with her. I guess she also started a lawsuit against him	Yeah, well apparently Trump neglected to sign their 2016 nondisclosure agreement so it's now null and void.
Yeah, well apparently Trump neglected to sign their 2016 nondisclosure agreement so it's now null and void.	Yes I don't know how it's going to turn out but it is very interesting. Speaking of the president, do you know who the top three wealthiest presidents are?
Yes I don't know how it's going to turn out but it is very interesting. Speaking of the president, do you know who the top three wealthiest presidents are?	Yes, I heard that the top 3 US presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Yes, I heard that the top 3 US presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Yep you're right. I wonder why Trump is not in there unless Perhaps it is because we cannot estimate his wealth? On a different note though, why do you think the guest house is larger than the White House itself, that doesn't seem right
Yep you're right. I wonder why Trump is not in there unless Perhaps it is because we cannot estimate his wealth? On a different note though, why do you think the guest house is larger than the White House itself, that doesn't seem right	It probably is because they have a lot of people when visiting heads of government come to negotiate. Their entourages are probably huge in number.
It probably is because they have a lot of people when visiting heads of government come to negotiate. Their entourages are probably huge in number.	Yes that could be true. It also could be true that the president of Indonesia released pop albums while in office haha I wonder how much money he made from those
Yes that could be true. It also could be true that the president of Indonesia released pop albums while in office haha I wonder how much money he made from those	Probably a bundle! Off to the elections, did you know that since 1900, the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75% of the time?
Probably a bundle! Off to the elections, did you know that since 1900, the taller candidate has won the US presidential election 75% of the time?	No I didn't know that. I think that's kind of sad actually that people would judge a candidate based on their height. On the other hand it sounds a lot better than how they would do elections in ancient Athens haha
No I didn't know that. I think that's kind of sad actually that people would judge a candidate based on their height. On the other hand it sounds a lot better than how they would do elections in ancient Athens haha	Yes, in ancient Athens, officials were appointed by lottery. Gee, that doesn't sound too inviting either does it?
Yes, in ancient Athens, officials were appointed by lottery. Gee, that doesn't sound too inviting either does it?	No it doesn't sound very fair either. It also doesn't sound fair at the voter turnout in the United States has maxed out at 63% in the past 100 years, you think that more people would vote than that
No it doesn't sound very fair either. It also doesn't sound fair at the voter turnout in the United States has maxed out at 63% in the past 100 years, you think that more people would vote than that	Well, during the 2012 US elections International electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states.
Well, during the 2012 US elections International electoral observers were blocked from the polls in nine states.	See that scares me because I don't know why they would be blocked from the poles. I think on the other hand that Nevada has the right idea by having a none of these candidates option when people vote, that would give people the ability to not vote for someone if they were uninformed
See that scares me because I don't know why they would be blocked from the poles. I think on the other hand that Nevada has the right idea by having a none of these candidates option when people vote, that would give people the ability to not vote for someone if they were uninformed	I agree, they should have that option in every state for presidential elections. Do you listen to the radio? Every time I get in my car, I listen to mine.
I agree, they should have that option in every state for presidential elections. Do you listen to the radio? Every time I get in my car, I listen to mine.	I Don't listen to the radio but I do stream youtube music in my car, did you know that you can pick up Jupiter radio storms if you tune into the right AM radio frequency though?
I Don't listen to the radio but I do stream youtube music in my car, did you know that you can pick up Jupiter radio storms if you tune into the right AM radio frequency though?	I get AM in my car but I've never heard Jupiter's radio storms unless that's what all that static is sometimes, lol.
I get AM in my car but I've never heard Jupiter's radio storms unless that's what all that static is sometimes, lol.	Haha yes I'll have to listen for those. Do you ever drive through Canada by the way? Have you ever heard Canadian radio
Haha yes I'll have to listen for those. Do you ever drive through Canada by the way? Have you ever heard Canadian radio	I did go to Canada once a long time ago but the radio music sounded the same as the US music. I don't actually remember hearing any Canadian bands. I know that Triumph was an old Canadian rock group but I don't remember any others.
I did go to Canada once a long time ago but the radio music sounded the same as the US music. I don't actually remember hearing any Canadian bands. I know that Triumph was an old Canadian rock group but I don't remember any others.	Yes I just think they probably play a lot of Justin Bieber and Celine Dion haha which does not actually sound appealing to me, I would rather listen to a finish radio station that reads the news in classical Latin even though I don't understand it
Yes I just think they probably play a lot of Justin Bieber and Celine Dion haha which does not actually sound appealing to me, I would rather listen to a finish radio station that reads the news in classical Latin even though I don't understand it	do you like cars?
do you like cars?	Yes I do. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?
Yes I do. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?	Yes that was back in 1975 by McDonald's
Yes that was back in 1975 by McDonald's	Yes and do you know why they invented it?
Yes and do you know why they invented it?	Yes because soldiers were not allowed out of cars in their fatigues
Yes because soldiers were not allowed out of cars in their fatigues	yeah. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called such?
yeah. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called such?	Yes because old cars used to have wooden trunks
Yes because old cars used to have wooden trunks	Yes. Do you know how cadillac got its name?
Yes. Do you know how cadillac got its name?	Yes if was after the founder of detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac
Yes if was after the founder of detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac	Yeah Do you know who Jonn Mardenborough is?
Yeah Do you know who Jonn Mardenborough is?	Yes he is the guy who became a professional driver by beating people to gran turismo
Yes he is the guy who became a professional driver by beating people to gran turismo	Yes he beat a staggering 90 000 people though
Yes he beat a staggering 90 000 people though	Yeah. In South africa you can put flame throwers n the car to protect it
Yeah. In South africa you can put flame throwers n the car to protect it	Wow cool. Do you like the nba?
Wow cool. Do you like the nba?	I sure do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
I sure do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?	Yes he is the guy that used the dunk shot so much it got banned
Yes he is the guy that used the dunk shot so much it got banned	Yeah that was crazy and for a good decade at it
Yeah that was crazy and for a good decade at it	Yeah. Do you know who invented the game?
Yeah. Do you know who invented the game?	Yes James Naismith who was a coach at U of Kansas
Yes James Naismith who was a coach at U of Kansas	Yes and the only losing coach in their history as well
Yes and the only losing coach in their history as well	Yeah pretty ironic. Nice chatting with you.
Yeah pretty ironic. Nice chatting with you.	HI, how are you doing today?
HI, how are you doing today?	I am doing well. Thank you. Did you listen to the radio this morning?
I am doing well. Thank you. Did you listen to the radio this morning?	No, I didn't. I used to listen to the radio when I was younger. What about you?
No, I didn't. I used to listen to the radio when I was younger. What about you?	Yes, I love the radio. I can't drive without it on. Did you know that soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil as a diode?
Yes, I love the radio. I can't drive without it on. Did you know that soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil as a diode?	That's quite clever of them. I bet they got very inventive in a tough situation.
That's quite clever of them. I bet they got very inventive in a tough situation.	Yes, I am sure they had too. A radio receiver receives its input from an antenna. This confused me because my car does not have an antenna.
Yes, I am sure they had too. A radio receiver receives its input from an antenna. This confused me because my car does not have an antenna.	You might not see the antenna, but a long piece of metal can be an antenna. Could be hidden.
You might not see the antenna, but a long piece of metal can be an antenna. Could be hidden.	True, Sometimes I listen to football on the radio? Do you know a lot about football?
True, Sometimes I listen to football on the radio? Do you know a lot about football?	I follow football around the playoffs. Usually watch on TV.
I follow football around the playoffs. Usually watch on TV.	Interesting. Last year the eagles won the super bowl. Did you know that they had a temporary court set up in their stadium for six years due to their fans bad behavior?
Interesting. Last year the eagles won the super bowl. Did you know that they had a temporary court set up in their stadium for six years due to their fans bad behavior?	I guess Philly draws some unruly fans. They needed to take action right then and their. I wonder if any other teams would have to do that.
I guess Philly draws some unruly fans. They needed to take action right then and their. I wonder if any other teams would have to do that.	I am not sure. I think its crazy that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams.
I am not sure. I think its crazy that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to american college football teams.	It's the modern place of worship for Americans. Brought into your home if need be.
It's the modern place of worship for Americans. Brought into your home if need be.	I guess times are changing. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder where all that money came from?
I guess times are changing. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. I wonder where all that money came from?	I guess bowling was established and probably TV cameras could capture it well. Weekend leagues made it a sport that people knew. Football was really organized at the college level.
I guess bowling was established and probably TV cameras could capture it well. Weekend leagues made it a sport that people knew. Football was really organized at the college level.	I have never thought about that. ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line. I can't imagine watching football without the line
I have never thought about that. ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line. I can't imagine watching football without the line	The line is key for the TV audience. The other key improvement is that the cameras are just above the field.
The line is key for the TV audience. The other key improvement is that the cameras are just above the field.	Yes, that is a great addition. I wonder if they were able to film the highest score ever of 222-0 in 1916?
Yes, that is a great addition. I wonder if they were able to film the highest score ever of 222-0 in 1916?	I think Cumberland would have burned the reel. Why would a coach do that to another team? I hope they let the third string play.
I think Cumberland would have burned the reel. Why would a coach do that to another team? I hope they let the third string play.	Agreed! That seems unfair. Embarrassing for both teams.
Agreed! That seems unfair. Embarrassing for both teams.	It makes the record books, but it makes G Tech look mean. What about U of Iowa? What's their little game?
It makes the record books, but it makes G Tech look mean. What about U of Iowa? What's their little game?	I heard that the visiting locker room is completely pink!
I heard that the visiting locker room is completely pink!	That seems like a cheap trick. Has it worked though? Do they win more at home?
That seems like a cheap trick. Has it worked though? Do they win more at home?	Mind games I guess. No sure if it has worked.
Mind games I guess. No sure if it has worked.	If it did, other teams would probably try it. Bowlers would paint lanes pink.
If it did, other teams would probably try it. Bowlers would paint lanes pink.	Very true!
Very true!	Hello how are you doing? Did you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
Hello how are you doing? Did you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.	I learned that a few days ago. It is surprising how often a minor cause creates a lucrative new business.
I learned that a few days ago. It is surprising how often a minor cause creates a lucrative new business.	Any examples? This was also a fun fact I learned: Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.
Any examples? This was also a fun fact I learned: Jann mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game gran turismo.	The original Sony portable tape player was because the Chairman of the company wanted to listen to music when he jogged. Thus the "Walkman".
The original Sony portable tape player was because the Chairman of the company wanted to listen to music when he jogged. Thus the "Walkman".	Nice! That kinda cool like how the creator of Netflix got the idea after he received a $40 late fee on his rental lol
Nice! That kinda cool like how the creator of Netflix got the idea after he received a $40 late fee on his rental lol	Wow! That is incredible. I have been to South Africa and have seen neighborhoods with constantino wire on top of their walls in gated communities. Yet a legal flame thrower on cars is really something.
Wow! That is incredible. I have been to South Africa and have seen neighborhoods with constantino wire on top of their walls in gated communities. Yet a legal flame thrower on cars is really something.	Flame throwers are legal in africa?
Flame throwers are legal in africa?	In South Africa. That helps keep you from getting carjacked.
In South Africa. That helps keep you from getting carjacked.	I see. I feel like it would be more useful in a colder place, where you can clear the driveway of snow or something lol
I see. I feel like it would be more useful in a colder place, where you can clear the driveway of snow or something lol	That is a practical point of view. However, think of approaching a car with evil intentions and a 20 foot flame shooting your way.
That is a practical point of view. However, think of approaching a car with evil intentions and a 20 foot flame shooting your way.	Sure. Do you watch any tv? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
Sure. Do you watch any tv? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew	I certainly watch TV. However, I do not watch much animation. I have never watched a complete South Park episode. I respect the art however.
I certainly watch TV. However, I do not watch much animation. I have never watched a complete South Park episode. I respect the art however.	I see , you probably wont find any of the facts I just learned interesting then lol
I see , you probably wont find any of the facts I just learned interesting then lol	Knowledge is different that enjoying a broadcast. The South Park guys did a lot of sophisticated political commentary in a humorous way.
Knowledge is different that enjoying a broadcast. The South Park guys did a lot of sophisticated political commentary in a humorous way.	yeah he did! It was a really funny show that had real life stuff in it, really creative.
yeah he did! It was a really funny show that had real life stuff in it, really creative.	I would just learn about it by reading rather than watching. How about basketball? I had two kids go to Kansas whose only losing coach was the guy who invented the game.
I would just learn about it by reading rather than watching. How about basketball? I had two kids go to Kansas whose only losing coach was the guy who invented the game.	lol thats sad. Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
lol thats sad. Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.	I remember when a lot of backboards shattered from the dunks. Materials got better over time.
I remember when a lot of backboards shattered from the dunks. Materials got better over time.	Looks like the college teams get a lot of funding in football In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
Looks like the college teams get a lot of funding in football In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.	Do you think that pay situation is a good thing or a bad one?
Do you think that pay situation is a good thing or a bad one?	Good. The coaches dont have to play so their health is good and not in danger lol anyways good chatting with you
Good. The coaches dont have to play so their health is good and not in danger lol anyways good chatting with you	Hi, do you listen to the radio?
Hi, do you listen to the radio?	Hi, how are you? dont listen much now. i did as a kid. YOu?
Hi, how are you? dont listen much now. i did as a kid. YOu?	I am listening to spotify now. I listen everyday, almost all day! It's important to our family.
I am listening to spotify now. I listen everyday, almost all day! It's important to our family.	i dont listen to spotify. usually i go to youtube.
i dont listen to spotify. usually i go to youtube.	I know a lot of people use youtube for that. It makes sense. My kids love listening on Alexa so we have amazon music too. What's your favorite genre?
I know a lot of people use youtube for that. It makes sense. My kids love listening on Alexa so we have amazon music too. What's your favorite genre?	i like rock pop and jazz. i listen to bill evans a lot.
i like rock pop and jazz. i listen to bill evans a lot.	Really? Is he jazz? I like jazz and have not heard of him. I am just getting itno the genre so give me some artists to listen to!
Really? Is he jazz? I like jazz and have not heard of him. I am just getting itno the genre so give me some artists to listen to!	Bill Evans died many years ago. he was a pianist. worked with miles davis. also his own trio. great for thinking and working.
Bill Evans died many years ago. he was a pianist. worked with miles davis. also his own trio. great for thinking and working.	Nice. There is a station on spotify that I use a lot for deep work. It's ironically called deep focus.
Nice. There is a station on spotify that I use a lot for deep work. It's ironically called deep focus.	oh, that sounds good. i guess spotify has some good stuff. is it free?
oh, that sounds good. i guess spotify has some good stuff. is it free?	There is a free option that I used to use but I now pay for it. I can't stand the commercials and the premium account eliminates the commercials. I think it may open the play list more too. I listen a lot to baroque music so that help me currate playlists, like I do for jaz.
There is a free option that I used to use but I now pay for it. I can't stand the commercials and the premium account eliminates the commercials. I think it may open the play list more too. I listen a lot to baroque music so that help me currate playlists, like I do for jaz.	yeah, i hear ya. the commercials are irritating. if the content is good, ill pay for it. so you work and listen? thats a good way to use radio.
yeah, i hear ya. the commercials are irritating. if the content is good, ill pay for it. so you work and listen? thats a good way to use radio.	I do. I also use it while I clean and with 7 and 5 year olds, I clean a lot. I do get stuck in some tracks and play the same stuff alot. Hence jazz and classical.
I do. I also use it while I clean and with 7 and 5 year olds, I clean a lot. I do get stuck in some tracks and play the same stuff alot. Hence jazz and classical.	gotcha. yeah, i put music on in the background to keep my mind active. i find that it helps me focus. i think the radio is also good for commutes.
gotcha. yeah, i put music on in the background to keep my mind active. i find that it helps me focus. i think the radio is also good for commutes.	My office is right outside of a common area so I hear everyone talk if I do not have music on. I find it helps me concentrate. I also thinkk I had ADD though. I have all of the signs that my son is getting diagnosed with.
My office is right outside of a common area so I hear everyone talk if I do not have music on. I find it helps me concentrate. I also thinkk I had ADD though. I have all of the signs that my son is getting diagnosed with.	yeah, the constant distraction from electronics really hampers the attention span. i figure that we would do better with fewer screens. that is what i like about radio. i don't have to watch.
yeah, the constant distraction from electronics really hampers the attention span. i figure that we would do better with fewer screens. that is what i like about radio. i don't have to watch.	I grew up on radio so if there are things I need to concentrate on, I usually go to the other room and listen to the TV.
I grew up on radio so if there are things I need to concentrate on, I usually go to the other room and listen to the TV.	anything to keep me company but not require eyeballs is good. I grew up on radio and it was a constant companion.
anything to keep me company but not require eyeballs is good. I grew up on radio and it was a constant companion.	yeah. I remember walking into my grandparents house and they never had tv on but the radio.
yeah. I remember walking into my grandparents house and they never had tv on but the radio.	Yeah, they grew up without the screens around. do they have add? maybe not. Anyway, great chat!
Yeah, they grew up without the screens around. do they have add? maybe not. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Hope you have a wonderful day!
Ditto. Hope you have a wonderful day!	Hello! Do you like football?
Hello! Do you like football?	Hi! I do like football, but mostly listen to it on the radio, how about you?
Hi! I do like football, but mostly listen to it on the radio, how about you?	I love watching football but I don't know much about the teams and players. What team do you root for? I'm a Giants fan so I don't really like the Eagles...
I love watching football but I don't know much about the teams and players. What team do you root for? I'm a Giants fan so I don't really like the Eagles...	I watch when I can, but I have to stick to my home team The Cardinals.
I watch when I can, but I have to stick to my home team The Cardinals.	Arizona? I have nothing against them. Did you know that the Eagles actually had a temporary court in their stadium for 6 years because their fans were so badly behaved? I doubt it was a real court, but how funny is that!
Arizona? I have nothing against them. Did you know that the Eagles actually had a temporary court in their stadium for 6 years because their fans were so badly behaved? I doubt it was a real court, but how funny is that!	Hahaha! That's too funny! There was also a crazy story about a high school football team continued to play as the science building burned down right behind them, wow, that is crazy!
Hahaha! That's too funny! There was also a crazy story about a high school football team continued to play as the science building burned down right behind them, wow, that is crazy!	Yeah, that was in 1965 right? That's insane dedication, bordering on stupidity haha!
Yeah, that was in 1965 right? That's insane dedication, bordering on stupidity haha!	Yep, 65 it was. And definitely bordering on stupidity haha....A radio show was saying that the band KISS bought into an arena football team and offered Tim Tebow a contract, I wonder how much he would be paid lol.
Yep, 65 it was. And definitely bordering on stupidity haha....A radio show was saying that the band KISS bought into an arena football team and offered Tim Tebow a contract, I wonder how much he would be paid lol.	That's funny, wow. What do you like better, college football or the NFL? More than half of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are for American college football teams
That's funny, wow. What do you like better, college football or the NFL? More than half of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are for American college football teams	Really, for college football? That's a bit strange. I guess for me it would be the NFL.
Really, for college football? That's a bit strange. I guess for me it would be the NFL.	I'd agree with that, unless it was my alma mater! Other than that I'm not too into college football, there's just too many teams in too many leagues. I think it's funny though that University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is all pink! Probably to emasculate them...
I'd agree with that, unless it was my alma mater! Other than that I'm not too into college football, there's just too many teams in too many leagues. I think it's funny though that University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is all pink! Probably to emasculate them...	I agree on that! Pink? Hahaha, that is pretty funny. I bet the visitors just love going to play football there hahaha....I heard that there was a game back in 1916 that the ending score was 222-0 how is that even possible!
I agree on that! Pink? Hahaha, that is pretty funny. I bet the visitors just love going to play football there hahaha....I heard that there was a game back in 1916 that the ending score was 222-0 how is that even possible!	Considering there's only 11 minutes of actual football play in a game, that's like 3 touchdowns per playing minute!
Considering there's only 11 minutes of actual football play in a game, that's like 3 touchdowns per playing minute!	Wow, I have to research that football game, I just can't see how that can be true lol....like how pro bowlers made twice as much money as star football players???
Wow, I have to research that football game, I just can't see how that can be true lol....like how pro bowlers made twice as much money as star football players???	That's crazy! Then again, that was in the 1960's. Still, I wonder how that's possible! Even if bowling was more popular than football, you can only fit a few people in a bowling alley to watch but you can fit thousands in a stadium!
That's crazy! Then again, that was in the 1960's. Still, I wonder how that's possible! Even if bowling was more popular than football, you can only fit a few people in a bowling alley to watch but you can fit thousands in a stadium!	Right? I don't understand it at all. So do you listen to the radio at all? I still do in my car mostly so I can listen for radio storms that sometimes come through on AM radio stations....crazy!
Right? I don't understand it at all. So do you listen to the radio at all? I still do in my car mostly so I can listen for radio storms that sometimes come through on AM radio stations....crazy!	Yeah that's crazy! And did you know that you can listen to radio drama episodes for free on the radio? There are thousands of them!
Yeah that's crazy! And did you know that you can listen to radio drama episodes for free on the radio? There are thousands of them!	I have heard about that but haven't checked it out yet. I like my music lol! And what would be considered a radio drama anyway? Talk shows?
I have heard about that but haven't checked it out yet. I like my music lol! And what would be considered a radio drama anyway? Talk shows?	I bet it's from the days before tv, when people wanted entertainment but there was no tv to watch it on. I would be very curious to hear some of them!
I bet it's from the days before tv, when people wanted entertainment but there was no tv to watch it on. I would be very curious to hear some of them!	That would be pretty interesting! I have read that the canadian radio stations by law have to play 40% canadian artists music on the radio, wow they are strict.
That would be pretty interesting! I have read that the canadian radio stations by law have to play 40% canadian artists music on the radio, wow they are strict.	That's so strict! I think music should be open to all. Anyway, nice speaking with you!
That's so strict! I think music should be open to all. Anyway, nice speaking with you!	It has been great! Have a great evening! I am going to catch some old dramas on the radio haha, Bye!
It has been great! Have a great evening! I am going to catch some old dramas on the radio haha, Bye!	How's it going, did you know it's possible to make a radio with a razorblade and pencil?
How's it going, did you know it's possible to make a radio with a razorblade and pencil?	That is cool. Electromagnetic energy waves are very interesting things.
That is cool. Electromagnetic energy waves are very interesting things.	Yea, it's pretty crazy how manipulating the amplitude, frequency, phase, or pulse width of radio waves allows music to play
Yea, it's pretty crazy how manipulating the amplitude, frequency, phase, or pulse width of radio waves allows music to play	It is also surprising that natural phenomena like storms on jupiter create signals strong enough to be heard in the United States.
It is also surprising that natural phenomena like storms on jupiter create signals strong enough to be heard in the United States.	I wonder what AM frequency you have to tune to to hear Jupiters radio storms
I wonder what AM frequency you have to tune to to hear Jupiters radio storms	Unsure. Perhaps Canadians could tell us, since it violates their content laws!
Unsure. Perhaps Canadians could tell us, since it violates their content laws!	Yea, if I lived in Canada I wouldn't be listening to the radio 40% of the time
Yea, if I lived in Canada I wouldn't be listening to the radio 40% of the time	That is true. You could also use the internet and listen to classic radio dramas for free.
That is true. You could also use the internet and listen to classic radio dramas for free.	I'd rather listen to that than Nuntii Latini in Finland
I'd rather listen to that than Nuntii Latini in Finland	Do you listen to much football on the radio?
Do you listen to much football on the radio?	Yea, I wish I could listen to the radio broadcast of Georgia tech defeating Cumberland 222-0
Yea, I wish I could listen to the radio broadcast of Georgia tech defeating Cumberland 222-0	Perhaps Cumberland should've painted the locker rooms pink like Iowa to act as a distraction.
Perhaps Cumberland should've painted the locker rooms pink like Iowa to act as a distraction.	Cumberland seemed to be the distracted team.
Cumberland seemed to be the distracted team.	Then again, with modern technology they could change the color digitally like the superimposed yellow first down line ESPN won an emmy for.
Then again, with modern technology they could change the color digitally like the superimposed yellow first down line ESPN won an emmy for.	It's pretty crazy how advance football has come since the 1960s when bowlers were making twice as much as players
It's pretty crazy how advance football has come since the 1960s when bowlers were making twice as much as players	Too true. However, 14 of the largest 25 stadiums actually belong to American college football teams.
Too true. However, 14 of the largest 25 stadiums actually belong to American college football teams.	That's kinda sad college football is taken that seriously to have 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums
That's kinda sad college football is taken that seriously to have 14 of the worlds 25 largest stadiums	Money is green, regardless. Even rock band Kiss bought into an arena football team!
Money is green, regardless. Even rock band Kiss bought into an arena football team!	Too bad KISS couldn't sign Tebow, it be funny to see him in KISS makeup
Too bad KISS couldn't sign Tebow, it be funny to see him in KISS makeup	That would be amusing. A whole new definition of Dream Team.
That would be amusing. A whole new definition of Dream Team.	Well I have to go, nice chatting with you
Well I have to go, nice chatting with you	Have you ever thought about drive-thrus? I've heard that Mcdonalds invented the drive thru just to help out soldiers back in the day.
Have you ever thought about drive-thrus? I've heard that Mcdonalds invented the drive thru just to help out soldiers back in the day.	I havent given too much thought to that but it seems interesting, kind of the aggressive mode google self driving cars have.
I havent given too much thought to that but it seems interesting, kind of the aggressive mode google self driving cars have.	I guess so.Cars and anything with them are of interest to me. I like that things are kind of sense making. For instance a trunk is called a trunk because older cars had wooden trunks on the back.
I guess so.Cars and anything with them are of interest to me. I like that things are kind of sense making. For instance a trunk is called a trunk because older cars had wooden trunks on the back.	I guess some names are catchy and stay, its ilegall to warm your car in Ohio.
I guess some names are catchy and stay, its ilegall to warm your car in Ohio.	Is it really? I wonder what they do then during the winter? In South Africa it's legal to equip your cars with flame throwers.
Is it really? I wonder what they do then during the winter? In South Africa it's legal to equip your cars with flame throwers.	It is, if your car gets stolen and the engine is on then the burglar will only face a minor misdemeanor, I guess its about how you warm it up.
It is, if your car gets stolen and the engine is on then the burglar will only face a minor misdemeanor, I guess its about how you warm it up.	That is so odd and it seems a little unfair. You know, all this was started when Karl Benz invented cars.
That is so odd and it seems a little unfair. You know, all this was started when Karl Benz invented cars.	Yeah it is odd because sometimes turning the car off will consume more gas and isnt practical, and I didnt know it all started with him.
Yeah it is odd because sometimes turning the car off will consume more gas and isnt practical, and I didnt know it all started with him.	Yeah, a lot of people think Ford invented the car but it was actually Benz. He filed a patent in 1886.
Yeah, a lot of people think Ford invented the car but it was actually Benz. He filed a patent in 1886.	I guess people think that because Ford was the first car to be available to the masses.
I guess people think that because Ford was the first car to be available to the masses.	Probably so. Could be too because he's American. I mean, Cadillac is named for a french explorer that founded Detroit. I don't think many people know a french explorer founded Detroit.
Probably so. Could be too because he's American. I mean, Cadillac is named for a french explorer that founded Detroit. I don't think many people know a french explorer founded Detroit.	I sure didnt know that, I think its an interesting fact though, I am more of a sports fan myself, do you like basketball?
I sure didnt know that, I think its an interesting fact though, I am more of a sports fan myself, do you like basketball?	I like it some. I am a more of a college basketball fan than professional.
I like it some. I am a more of a college basketball fan than professional.	I see, have you watched the Space Jam movie? its really cool and seems like its the highest-grossing basketball movie of all time.
I see, have you watched the Space Jam movie? its really cool and seems like its the highest-grossing basketball movie of all time.	I think I've seen parts of it. Did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar got the dunk shot banned from college basketball for over 10 years?
I think I've seen parts of it. Did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar got the dunk shot banned from college basketball for over 10 years?	I didnt know that! is it allowed now? why was it banned?
I didnt know that! is it allowed now? why was it banned?	It is allowed now. It got banned because he was dominant in his use of it.
It is allowed now. It got banned because he was dominant in his use of it.	Well that seems like an absurd reason, I mean its a move that requires a lot of skill, did you know that basketball was invented at the ymca?
Well that seems like an absurd reason, I mean its a move that requires a lot of skill, did you know that basketball was invented at the ymca?	No, I didn't know that! I had no idea actually! Do you know why or how it came about?
No, I didn't know that! I had no idea actually! Do you know why or how it came about?	Im not sure but I know that volleyball was also created there.
Im not sure but I know that volleyball was also created there.	Really? Well they are kind of similar. I mean both are played on courts.
Really? Well they are kind of similar. I mean both are played on courts.	hi how are you?
hi how are you?	Good. Did you know there are over 1.25 billion cars in the world?
Good. Did you know there are over 1.25 billion cars in the world?	No I didn't know that.
No I didn't know that.	Yea, it's crazy because in 1986 there was only 500 million
Yea, it's crazy because in 1986 there was only 500 million	wow that cool i want to learn more.
wow that cool i want to learn more.	Cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac
Cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac	I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.	Yea, Antoine Cadillac founded Detroit
Yea, Antoine Cadillac founded Detroit	I should have known, I'm from there.
I should have known, I'm from there.	DId you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
DId you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?	Cool,I thought they made that in 2006 for some reason.
Cool,I thought they made that in 2006 for some reason.	I figured the drive-thru came before 1975
I figured the drive-thru came before 1975	Yes did you know that When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.
Yes did you know that When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.	Yea, I read about it online shortly after the episodes aired
Yea, I read about it online shortly after the episodes aired	Oh okay
Oh okay	Speaking of the Simpsons, there is only one episode where Bart isn't in it or mentioned
Speaking of the Simpsons, there is only one episode where Bart isn't in it or mentioned	wow cool fact
wow cool fact	The UK remade That 70's show into a show called Days Like These
The UK remade That 70's show into a show called Days Like These	Really I have not seen that movie yet.
Really I have not seen that movie yet.	The UK version was cancelled after 10 episodes
The UK version was cancelled after 10 episodes	Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade. How come?
Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade. How come?	Damn, that's crazy. There's a new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks", that's crazy too
Damn, that's crazy. There's a new zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks", that's crazy too	I know people can be cruel. Some of todays athletes wouldnt understand.
I know people can be cruel. Some of todays athletes wouldnt understand.	Well I gtg, nice talking with you.
Well I gtg, nice talking with you.	Do you have a favorite kind of shoe?
Do you have a favorite kind of shoe?	Not sure, I like the brand Nike and sport shoes, what about you?
Not sure, I like the brand Nike and sport shoes, what about you?	Yes I like runners in general. DId you know ballet dancers use 4 pairs of shoes a week?
Yes I like runners in general. DId you know ballet dancers use 4 pairs of shoes a week?	4 pairs a week no kidding! sounds like a lot of money, older shoes are usually better than new shoes
4 pairs a week no kidding! sounds like a lot of money, older shoes are usually better than new shoes	Yes they say that 5000 year old shoes are more durable than they are now
Yes they say that 5000 year old shoes are more durable than they are now	Yeah and also a little secret if your shoes have unpleasant odors on your shoes you can put tea bags in them and that can absorb the humidity
Yeah and also a little secret if your shoes have unpleasant odors on your shoes you can put tea bags in them and that can absorb the humidity	That is such a nice little trick. DId you know Steve Smith leaves his cleats in the field after every game?
That is such a nice little trick. DId you know Steve Smith leaves his cleats in the field after every game?	I didn't why does he do that? maybe he doesn't like using the same cleats twice
I didn't why does he do that? maybe he doesn't like using the same cleats twice	It is actually because he wants to raise awareness about homelessness
It is actually because he wants to raise awareness about homelessness	Oh that's a great thing to do then, I wonder if his campaign works. Its a noble thing to do.
Oh that's a great thing to do then, I wonder if his campaign works. Its a noble thing to do.	It sure is/ Did you know that U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?
It sure is/ Did you know that U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	That's funny I did hear about that, painting the locker rooms all pink I bet that surprises visitor teams.
That's funny I did hear about that, painting the locker rooms all pink I bet that surprises visitor teams.	Yeah. Bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s
Yeah. Bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s	More than football players really? I guess football wasn't popular back then do you have a favorite position mine is the QB.
More than football players really? I guess football wasn't popular back then do you have a favorite position mine is the QB.	Yes me too. Do you like Brady with the Patriots?
Yes me too. Do you like Brady with the Patriots?	I do, his a great QB why do you ask?
I do, his a great QB why do you ask?	He used to be a back up QB in high school who never got started
He used to be a back up QB in high school who never got started	Never started really? I wonder why, maybe his team was really good and they didn't need him.
Never started really? I wonder why, maybe his team was really good and they didn't need him.	It was the opposite, they were doing so bad and never started hi, so strange
It was the opposite, they were doing so bad and never started hi, so strange	That is weird, I bet the team had a terrible coach. He had a legend on the field and never used him
That is weird, I bet the team had a terrible coach. He had a legend on the field and never used him	Right? Crazy. Do you like ALex SMith?
Right? Crazy. Do you like ALex SMith?	I do like him I think his a great QB and a really smart person.
I do like him I think his a great QB and a really smart person.	He sure is, finished college in two years only. Nice chat today
He sure is, finished college in two years only. Nice chat today	Do you buy Nike products?
Do you buy Nike products?	nope I personally don't. But I also don't really buy any sports clothes what about you? I guess they took a hit because of recent politics they were engaged in?
nope I personally don't. But I also don't really buy any sports clothes what about you? I guess they took a hit because of recent politics they were engaged in?	I think that they took a risk. They like risk because they hope that the fans will buy products to support the cause.
I think that they took a risk. They like risk because they hope that the fans will buy products to support the cause.	Yes and then they took a poll and about 8000 people showed a 50% decline in Nikes favorability, I guess that's not good if you all Nike haha
Yes and then they took a poll and about 8000 people showed a 50% decline in Nikes favorability, I guess that's not good if you all Nike haha	Well, I'm sre that they can recover. Nike is a huge brand. They took a risk. They lost. They move on.
Well, I'm sre that they can recover. Nike is a huge brand. They took a risk. They lost. They move on.	Yep I agree, it is weird that the number of African Americans who intended to buy Nike even dropped after their foray into politics though, that's not expected
Yep I agree, it is weird that the number of African Americans who intended to buy Nike even dropped after their foray into politics though, that's not expected	I guess NIke made assumptions about markets and ethnicity. They were wrong.
I guess NIke made assumptions about markets and ethnicity. They were wrong.	Yes I think companies should think twice before they try to get involved in politics, you'll inevitably end up making a portion of the population angry
Yes I think companies should think twice before they try to get involved in politics, you'll inevitably end up making a portion of the population angry	Yes, maybe they hoped to make a few angry and make a lot happy. Didn't work out. I guess other shoes company will take heed.
Yes, maybe they hoped to make a few angry and make a lot happy. Didn't work out. I guess other shoes company will take heed.	Speaking of shoes, how often do you wear shoes? I like that there are different types of shoes for different types of activities
Speaking of shoes, how often do you wear shoes? I like that there are different types of shoes for different types of activities	I generally like to wear shoes. They are comfortable and useful. I think that it's proper for people to wear shoes for many occasions.
I generally like to wear shoes. They are comfortable and useful. I think that it's proper for people to wear shoes for many occasions.	Yes I agree, did you know that a belly dancer for instance can go through three or four pairs of shoes a week? They just get worn out by all the practice
Yes I agree, did you know that a belly dancer for instance can go through three or four pairs of shoes a week? They just get worn out by all the practice	A belly dancer? That sounds funny. Why would they use a lot of shoes ? They gyrate their hips a lot.
A belly dancer? That sounds funny. Why would they use a lot of shoes ? They gyrate their hips a lot.	Oops I spelled it wrong it's ballet LOL. anyway do you ever have stinky shoes? Apparently you can put a tea bag inside and that will help with the stink haha
Oops I spelled it wrong it's ballet LOL. anyway do you ever have stinky shoes? Apparently you can put a tea bag inside and that will help with the stink haha	Oh, that makes sense. Ballet. Yes, I bet it's hard on the feet too Tea bags? Hm. I'll have to try that. I wonder what kind of tea.
Oh, that makes sense. Ballet. Yes, I bet it's hard on the feet too Tea bags? Hm. I'll have to try that. I wonder what kind of tea.	I think it can be any kind of tea actually, have you heard about the 5000 year old pair of shoes by the way? Apparently they were tested and it performed better than modern shoes for all tasks
I think it can be any kind of tea actually, have you heard about the 5000 year old pair of shoes by the way? Apparently they were tested and it performed better than modern shoes for all tasks	I think things really had to last back then. No Walmart or Amazon. No one to make shoes except yourself.
I think things really had to last back then. No Walmart or Amazon. No one to make shoes except yourself.	Yep you're right about that. You know who Stephon Marbury is? I guess he was promoting $15 shoes, I just don't know who he is
Yep you're right about that. You know who Stephon Marbury is? I guess he was promoting $15 shoes, I just don't know who he is	I don't know either. I guess he must have wanted to help people get inexpensive shoes. Anyway, great chat!
I don't know either. I guess he must have wanted to help people get inexpensive shoes. Anyway, great chat!	Yeah maybe he's a good guy. I do like the wide receiver Steve Smith who leaves shoes on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people
Yeah maybe he's a good guy. I do like the wide receiver Steve Smith who leaves shoes on the field after every game to raise awareness for homeless people	He thinks about the less fortunate. Good for him. Thanks! Have a good day!
He thinks about the less fortunate. Good for him. Thanks! Have a good day!	Yes I think it's important to be aware of the less fortunate, and Steve Smith seems like a good guy
Yes I think it's important to be aware of the less fortunate, and Steve Smith seems like a good guy	hi, what kind of shoes do you like?
hi, what kind of shoes do you like?	I like tennis shoes, but I must admit I threw out my Nikes! What about you?
I like tennis shoes, but I must admit I threw out my Nikes! What about you?	I prefer runing shoes the most. Did you know tea bags absorb the smell of shoes?
I prefer runing shoes the most. Did you know tea bags absorb the smell of shoes?	That's interesting, I'll have to try it. Do you know there's Wizard of Oz shoes now with GPS to help you find your way home?
That's interesting, I'll have to try it. Do you know there's Wizard of Oz shoes now with GPS to help you find your way home?	Wow that is interesting, did not know that. did you know stephon marury promoted a line of shoes for free?
Wow that is interesting, did not know that. did you know stephon marury promoted a line of shoes for free?	I wonder why? What kind of shoes were they? While we're on the subject of shoes, did you know Persian cavalry soldiers were the first to wear high heels in the 9th century?
I wonder why? What kind of shoes were they? While we're on the subject of shoes, did you know Persian cavalry soldiers were the first to wear high heels in the 9th century?	They were actually pretty cheap but not sure why he was not paid
They were actually pretty cheap but not sure why he was not paid	I'm not surprised they were cheap. I can't believe the people that spend thousands of dollars on shoes, it seems like such a waste.
I'm not surprised they were cheap. I can't believe the people that spend thousands of dollars on shoes, it seems like such a waste.	Yeah I do not get that either actually. did you know 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes?
Yeah I do not get that either actually. did you know 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes?	Really? I would have thought the opposite was true. Maybe because they were made to last a lifetime? Supposedly there's at least 17 ways to tie your shoes, did you know that?
Really? I would have thought the opposite was true. Maybe because they were made to last a lifetime? Supposedly there's at least 17 ways to tie your shoes, did you know that?	No I did now that , that is curious. Do you watch football?
No I did now that , that is curious. Do you watch football?	I watch football sometimes. I missed the Superbowl this year. I do know the highest paid members of the military are the three football coaches for the service teams.
I watch football sometimes. I missed the Superbowl this year. I do know the highest paid members of the military are the three football coaches for the service teams.	Yeah they make a lot of money. Did you know U of Iowa locker is painted pink?
Yeah they make a lot of money. Did you know U of Iowa locker is painted pink?	No, why is it painted pink? Is it a ladies football team or something? I know I never understood why when I say "football" my English relatives think I'm talking about soccer. Or rugby.
No, why is it painted pink? Is it a ladies football team or something? I know I never understood why when I say "football" my English relatives think I'm talking about soccer. Or rugby.	I am not sure, Yeah I guess in other parts of the worls football can mean something different?
I am not sure, Yeah I guess in other parts of the worls football can mean something different?	That is curious about the U. of Iowa. I know college football is a big deal, there was a stadium built in Texas for college football that can hold 18,000. That must be a pretty big traffic jam.
That is curious about the U. of Iowa. I know college football is a big deal, there was a stadium built in Texas for college football that can hold 18,000. That must be a pretty big traffic jam.	That is just insane. Alex smith apparently only went to university for two years and graduated
That is just insane. Alex smith apparently only went to university for two years and graduated	Wonder how he got done so quick? There's a quarterback named Kellan Moore who is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL, I don't know who he plays for though, or if he's any good.
Wonder how he got done so quick? There's a quarterback named Kellan Moore who is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL, I don't know who he plays for though, or if he's any good.	Well he took a lot of ap tests in high school so that is why
Well he took a lot of ap tests in high school so that is why	Ok, gotcha. One last football trivia item is the only quarterback in NFL history who threw a touchdown pass to himself is Brad Johnson. I'd like to see that on a replay!
Ok, gotcha. One last football trivia item is the only quarterback in NFL history who threw a touchdown pass to himself is Brad Johnson. I'd like to see that on a replay!	Oh man that must have been so cool. nice chatting with you
Oh man that must have been so cool. nice chatting with you	Hello how are you doing? Did you know Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.
Hello how are you doing? Did you know Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	I am well. That's amazing! Their poor feet! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
I am well. That's amazing! Their poor feet! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.	i wonder why, or why dont they make shoes like before? Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor. This actually works, I use these for my snowboarding boots.
i wonder why, or why dont they make shoes like before? Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor. This actually works, I use these for my snowboarding boots.	I didn't know that! Fashion has often dictated many design elements, such as whether shoes have very high heels or flat ones.
I didn't know that! Fashion has often dictated many design elements, such as whether shoes have very high heels or flat ones.	Nfl wide receiver steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness to homeless people without shoes
Nfl wide receiver steve smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness to homeless people without shoes	That's really interesting. Some shoes are worn as safety equipment, such as steel-soled boots which are required on construction sites.
That's really interesting. Some shoes are worn as safety equipment, such as steel-soled boots which are required on construction sites.	That makes sense.
That makes sense.	Though the human foot is adapted to varied terrain and climate conditions, it is still vulnerable to environmental hazards such as sharp rocks and temperature extremes, which shoes protect against.
Though the human foot is adapted to varied terrain and climate conditions, it is still vulnerable to environmental hazards such as sharp rocks and temperature extremes, which shoes protect against.	yeah, I have all sorts of shoes!
yeah, I have all sorts of shoes!	The design of shoes has varied enormously through time and from culture to culture, with appearance originally being tied to function.
The design of shoes has varied enormously through time and from culture to culture, with appearance originally being tied to function.	Do you watch football at all? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
Do you watch football at all? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink	I do. That's great! The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0!
I do. That's great! The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0!	I know right crazy game! Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
I know right crazy game! Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.	That's something to be proud of. During the twentieth century, several of the various kinds of football grew to become some of the most popular team sports in the world.
That's something to be proud of. During the twentieth century, several of the various kinds of football grew to become some of the most popular team sports in the world.	In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars	That's unbelievable! Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
That's unbelievable! Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.	Yeah, Im not sure why that deserves an emmy lol
Yeah, Im not sure why that deserves an emmy lol	It's a bizarre fact, for sure! Contemporary codes of football can be traced back to the codification of these games at English public schools during the nineteenth century.
It's a bizarre fact, for sure! Contemporary codes of football can be traced back to the codification of these games at English public schools during the nineteenth century.	The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.	Wow!! Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
Wow!! Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl	Yeah thats weird. Its been good talking to you!
Yeah thats weird. Its been good talking to you!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am doing well thank you. I really like shoes and have many pairs. How about yourself?
I am doing well thank you. I really like shoes and have many pairs. How about yourself?	I love shoes. Do you like Nikes>
I love shoes. Do you like Nikes>	I do like Nikes. I know they went through quite the controversy recently.
I do like Nikes. I know they went through quite the controversy recently.	Yeah, they did get a lot of publicity and as a stockholder, I saw the price go up too.
Yeah, they did get a lot of publicity and as a stockholder, I saw the price go up too.	Yes using Colin Kaepernick's face did make them take a little hit to their reputation. But it's Nike and people have short attention spans so in my opinion it will have no long term impact.
Yes using Colin Kaepernick's face did make them take a little hit to their reputation. But it's Nike and people have short attention spans so in my opinion it will have no long term impact.	Agreed. Plus there's not a huge market to take Nike's share. Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor
Agreed. Plus there's not a huge market to take Nike's share. Putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes or gym bags will absorb the unpleasant odor	I did not know that. I will have to try that. Did you know there are 17 ways to tie your shoes?
I did not know that. I will have to try that. Did you know there are 17 ways to tie your shoes?	I did not. I only know 2... Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
I did not. I only know 2... Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.	They deserved it. I can't imagine watching a game without that line. Speaking of football, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
They deserved it. I can't imagine watching a game without that line. Speaking of football, Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.	In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars	That is shocking. I can't even name a professional bowler. Only two african-american quarterbacks have won the super bowl, Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.
That is shocking. I can't even name a professional bowler. Only two african-american quarterbacks have won the super bowl, Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.	Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.	I didn't know that anyone had accomplished that. I wonder how long his career was. Another amazing stat like that, Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself!
I didn't know that anyone had accomplished that. I wonder how long his career was. Another amazing stat like that, Superbowl winning quarterback, brad johnson, is the only quarterback in nfl history to throw a touchdown pass... to himself!	I remember that throw. It was magnificent... The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.
I remember that throw. It was magnificent... The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady.	That was a very bad decision on their part. Russell Wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. That is very strange.
That was a very bad decision on their part. Russell Wilson is still under a major league baseball contract despite not playing in a regular season game since 2011. That is very strange.	I know, he will report in the spring for training and then leave. He cannot do both as a QB. I know too much sports...
I know, he will report in the spring for training and then leave. He cannot do both as a QB. I know too much sports...	Ha ha. I don't know why he would even bother when he is a top QB.
Ha ha. I don't know why he would even bother when he is a top QB.	Plus hes married to Sierra!
Plus hes married to Sierra!	I did know that. The camera pans to her a lot when he plays.The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build. Apparently Texas is very serious about high school football.
I did know that. The camera pans to her a lot when he plays.The high school football stadium in allen, texas seats 18,000 and cost $60 million to build. Apparently Texas is very serious about high school football.	Nice chatting with you.
Nice chatting with you.	You as well.
You as well.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm great! How are you?
I'm great! How are you?	I am well, thanks. Do you have kids that you watch TV with?
I am well, thanks. Do you have kids that you watch TV with?	I don't watch TV that much any more. I usually watch movies.
I don't watch TV that much any more. I usually watch movies.	I am reading an article about what to watch with your kids and they suggest "The house with a clock on its walls." I have never seen it, have you?
I am reading an article about what to watch with your kids and they suggest "The house with a clock on its walls." I have never seen it, have you?	No, I haven't seen. I have seen "Bambi." That was a long time ago when I was a kid. It didn't seem like a horror movie to me, but to Stephen King...
No, I haven't seen. I have seen "Bambi." That was a long time ago when I was a kid. It didn't seem like a horror movie to me, but to Stephen King...	I remember crying my eyes out when Bambi's mom died. That's the reason my son hasn't watched it yet. I do not think my parents knew she died in the movie...
I remember crying my eyes out when Bambi's mom died. That's the reason my son hasn't watched it yet. I do not think my parents knew she died in the movie...	Death is part of life, but you're right, there is an age that is better for dealing with such issues. I don't think I would burn 180 calories watching Bambi.
Death is part of life, but you're right, there is an age that is better for dealing with such issues. I don't think I would burn 180 calories watching Bambi.	No, my 7 year old might have, or at least lost 2-3 pounds of water weight from crying. I am not sure their suggestion would be good because it is for tweens. My family loves to watch baking shows. It's usually fmaily friendy.
No, my 7 year old might have, or at least lost 2-3 pounds of water weight from crying. I am not sure their suggestion would be good because it is for tweens. My family loves to watch baking shows. It's usually fmaily friendy.	That's a good source. Do you think your 7 y.o. would want to be an actor?
That's a good source. Do you think your 7 y.o. would want to be an actor?	Maybe. I think my 5 year old would be the actor in our family. She watches youtube and acts like she is being video taped for her own youtube channel.
Maybe. I think my 5 year old would be the actor in our family. She watches youtube and acts like she is being video taped for her own youtube channel.	Maybe she would end up a highly paid actor like Hugh Laurie. He gets $700 k per episode of House!
Maybe she would end up a highly paid actor like Hugh Laurie. He gets $700 k per episode of House!	I would not mind that! That could set her up for life!
I would not mind that! That could set her up for life!	She would probably help you out with college debt and mortgages and such. Michael Caine became an actor for the girls. I would have done the same thing if the girls at my high school had been pretty.
She would probably help you out with college debt and mortgages and such. Michael Caine became an actor for the girls. I would have done the same thing if the girls at my high school had been pretty.	HAHAHA. I am sure they had inner beauty! Jon hamm taught acting and one of his students was Erin from the office.
HAHAHA. I am sure they had inner beauty! Jon hamm taught acting and one of his students was Erin from the office.	Jon Hamm. I bet he got good at acting by teaching it.
Jon Hamm. I bet he got good at acting by teaching it.	Yeah. Did you watch mad men?
Yeah. Did you watch mad men?	I've watched a few episodes. It's a fun show. Not going to burn many calories watching that show. Probably going to eat too many caloriees in fact.
I've watched a few episodes. It's a fun show. Not going to burn many calories watching that show. Probably going to eat too many caloriees in fact.	Not like horror films! I tried to get into it but everyone tells me it is slow but good. I do not have the attention span for it and do not want to take on a new series...
Not like horror films! I tried to get into it but everyone tells me it is slow but good. I do not have the attention span for it and do not want to take on a new series...	If you're keen on culture from the 60s, maybe Mad Men will grab you. Are you a football fan?
If you're keen on culture from the 60s, maybe Mad Men will grab you. Are you a football fan?	I am a football fan. Are you?
I am a football fan. Are you?	I'll watch the Super Bowl. I like the playoffs because of the excitement. Are you going to watch?
I'll watch the Super Bowl. I like the playoffs because of the excitement. Are you going to watch?	Yeah. Who are you rooting for?
Yeah. Who are you rooting for?	I like the underdog, so I will root for the Rams. You?
I like the underdog, so I will root for the Rams. You?	I think new england. Nice chatting with you!
I think new england. Nice chatting with you!	How you doing tonight?
How you doing tonight?	I am well, you?
I am well, you?	Great! I was just looking for a movie to go see later. Have you heard of that movie The House With a Clock In It's Walls"?
Great! I was just looking for a movie to go see later. Have you heard of that movie The House With a Clock In It's Walls"?	Yes, I believe it has Owen Vaccaro, Jack Black and Cate Blanchett.
Yes, I believe it has Owen Vaccaro, Jack Black and Cate Blanchett.	Crazy that it is a kids movie but is directed by Eli Roth! He has made some awesome horror movies!
Crazy that it is a kids movie but is directed by Eli Roth! He has made some awesome horror movies!	Yeah I don't know if I would call it a kids movie. Like a possessed doll would probably scare kids a lot.
Yeah I don't know if I would call it a kids movie. Like a possessed doll would probably scare kids a lot.	I think it may be alright as long as the kids are not super sensitive. I have some grandkids that would love it!
I think it may be alright as long as the kids are not super sensitive. I have some grandkids that would love it!	Probably so. I do think its funny that Stephen King called Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw as a child.
Probably so. I do think its funny that Stephen King called Bambi the first horror movie he ever saw as a child.	I used to love his books, but he just seems weird now. But some of them make great horror flicks. I heard that it actually burns calories to watch a horror movie.
I used to love his books, but he just seems weird now. But some of them make great horror flicks. I heard that it actually burns calories to watch a horror movie.	Well I would say the horror movie genre comes from books and periodicals. Authors like Edgar Allen Poe, Bram Stoker with Dracula and Mary Shelley with Frankenstein paved the scripts for the films that followed.
Well I would say the horror movie genre comes from books and periodicals. Authors like Edgar Allen Poe, Bram Stoker with Dracula and Mary Shelley with Frankenstein paved the scripts for the films that followed.	You know the books are usually better. The book "Jurassic Park" is way darker than the movie. It has some really gory parts,
You know the books are usually better. The book "Jurassic Park" is way darker than the movie. It has some really gory parts,	I think audio dramas are underrated for horror. You can still find them online in archives for free. Got to love the theater of the mind.
I think audio dramas are underrated for horror. You can still find them online in archives for free. Got to love the theater of the mind.	I used to love to fall asleep at night listening to those. Almost like someone reading a book to me while I just relax and listen. I know there is a website where you can listen to just thousands of episodes of old radio dramas for free.
I used to love to fall asleep at night listening to those. Almost like someone reading a book to me while I just relax and listen. I know there is a website where you can listen to just thousands of episodes of old radio dramas for free.	Yes, I listen still to some of them. Like the CBS Radio Mystery Theatre, Suspense, or The Shadow. The way they did the old shows was much like theater with live music and actors/actresses doing it in real time.
Yes, I listen still to some of them. Like the CBS Radio Mystery Theatre, Suspense, or The Shadow. The way they did the old shows was much like theater with live music and actors/actresses doing it in real time.	You like any sports? Football? My favorite team is the Saints
You like any sports? Football? My favorite team is the Saints	I do, I love the Cowboys. It is funny so many different sports are called football. Soccer or Australian rules are called football too.
I do, I love the Cowboys. It is funny so many different sports are called football. Soccer or Australian rules are called football too.	My friend at work loves college football. She is always laughing about how the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted completely pink! LOL
My friend at work loves college football. She is always laughing about how the University of Iowa's locker room for the visiting team is painted completely pink! LOL	That is pretty ingenious, I wonder if Georgia Tech did the same thing when they obliterated Cumberland 222-0!
That is pretty ingenious, I wonder if Georgia Tech did the same thing when they obliterated Cumberland 222-0!	Well it has been a good evening chat with you. I may look for a game to watch right now! Maybe some rugby, which is also considered football!!
Well it has been a good evening chat with you. I may look for a game to watch right now! Maybe some rugby, which is also considered football!!	Alright then, take care and remember... The Shadow knows...
Alright then, take care and remember... The Shadow knows...	Ha Ha ! Awesome!
Ha Ha ! Awesome!	I should have become an actor like Hugh Laurie and make 700k an episode of House.
I should have become an actor like Hugh Laurie and make 700k an episode of House.	Do you watch much football at all?
Do you watch much football at all?	I do, I love the sport, do you?
I do, I love the sport, do you?	I love it also, I am a Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint their locker room pink for the visiting teams
I love it also, I am a Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint their locker room pink for the visiting teams	Do you know why they did that? sounds like a funny strategy,
Do you know why they did that? sounds like a funny strategy,	Something about psyching the other team out if I remember right. It works i think!
Something about psyching the other team out if I remember right. It works i think!	I guess it must have an effect on opposing teams, crazy how top bowleres earned more money than fooball players back in 1960
I guess it must have an effect on opposing teams, crazy how top bowleres earned more money than fooball players back in 1960	I wonder what that difference is now in pay!
I wonder what that difference is now in pay!	It must be a huge difference in favor of pro football players of course, football is a lot more popular now
It must be a huge difference in favor of pro football players of course, football is a lot more popular now	i agree, I can't even name one famous bowler. Did you hear about the game that was 222-0?
i agree, I can't even name one famous bowler. Did you hear about the game that was 222-0?	I did hear about that one, it was hard to watch I guess, who loses by that much
I did hear about that one, it was hard to watch I guess, who loses by that much	Right and who keeps playing after that? If it was like 100-0 I would give up and quit to be honest
Right and who keeps playing after that? If it was like 100-0 I would give up and quit to be honest	I know right, like 100 is enough lets just call the game, did you hear about ESPN and the Emmy the network won?
I know right, like 100 is enough lets just call the game, did you hear about ESPN and the Emmy the network won?	I did not know that, from what?
I did not know that, from what?	Because of the creation of the yellow firt down line
Because of the creation of the yellow firt down line	wow, that is amazing! i love that line, it makes it so easy to see how far they have to go. I used to think it was real as a kid lol
wow, that is amazing! i love that line, it makes it so easy to see how far they have to go. I used to think it was real as a kid lol	Thats funny lol, so what are your thoughs on QB? I think they are the most important player on the team
Thats funny lol, so what are your thoughs on QB? I think they are the most important player on the team	I like a good quarterback and a smart one, have you heard of alex smith?
I like a good quarterback and a smart one, have you heard of alex smith?	Yeah I have seen him play, never knew he was a smart person as well
Yeah I have seen him play, never knew he was a smart person as well	for sure, he got his degree his sophomore year of college, then masters, then became the #1 pick! Good chatting with you!
for sure, he got his degree his sophomore year of college, then masters, then became the #1 pick! Good chatting with you!	Oh sounds like he is a man with many skills, thats impressive, its been nice chatting.
Oh sounds like he is a man with many skills, thats impressive, its been nice chatting.	have a good weekend!
have a good weekend!	Hello, are you into movies as much as i am? Whats your favorite type?
Hello, are you into movies as much as i am? Whats your favorite type?	Hey Hi, I am into action movies
Hey Hi, I am into action movies	I love horror. I just learned that Stephen kings first horror movie, according to himself, was bambi!
I love horror. I just learned that Stephen kings first horror movie, according to himself, was bambi!	oh that's cool coming from the king of horror movies, but I thought bambi is an animated movie
oh that's cool coming from the king of horror movies, but I thought bambi is an animated movie	It is, it was just one of those strange facts. Youd think someone like him wouldnt be so scared of an animated movie! Horror is also said to burn up to 180 calories when watching.. as well as making you enjoy abstract art after watching horror films.
It is, it was just one of those strange facts. Youd think someone like him wouldnt be so scared of an animated movie! Horror is also said to burn up to 180 calories when watching.. as well as making you enjoy abstract art after watching horror films.	I didn't know horror can burn fat, is there a scientific proof to it?
I didn't know horror can burn fat, is there a scientific proof to it?	It says its factual, yes! I bet it has to do with heart rate increase. Nowadays, I feel like children of all ages are able to watch and see things made for people of any age. Theres this new movie coming out, The house with a clock in its walls. its actually a "tween" horror movie. I think its a good introduction to show to kids so they can get their curiosity out without having them see something they shouldnt. Do you have any children that watch movies of that nature?
It says its factual, yes! I bet it has to do with heart rate increase. Nowadays, I feel like children of all ages are able to watch and see things made for people of any age. Theres this new movie coming out, The house with a clock in its walls. its actually a "tween" horror movie. I think its a good introduction to show to kids so they can get their curiosity out without having them see something they shouldnt. Do you have any children that watch movies of that nature?	Wow we learn everyday, I have learnt something new today. No but even if I have kids I don't think I'd let them watch a horror movie
Wow we learn everyday, I have learnt something new today. No but even if I have kids I don't think I'd let them watch a horror movie	True, but i think i would allow the "tween" films if they REALLY wanted it, just so i could at least know what they were watching and that it was appropriate. speaking of tween watching, they also are making documentaries focused on that age as well. America to me, is one, that deals with race in schools. I think its a great idea. What do you think?
True, but i think i would allow the "tween" films if they REALLY wanted it, just so i could at least know what they were watching and that it was appropriate. speaking of tween watching, they also are making documentaries focused on that age as well. America to me, is one, that deals with race in schools. I think its a great idea. What do you think?	Well if it's one well tailored to a particular age and the censorship board approved I might let my kids watch under supervision
Well if it's one well tailored to a particular age and the censorship board approved I might let my kids watch under supervision	Yeah, exactly and thats what they are promising it will be so I am looking forward to it. I know you said you like action, i do as well. I also like drama, including tv series. Do you like drama at all? I like the show house a lot, have you seen it? Many people must like it because I just found out that Hugh Laurie, the doctor on house, is the highest paid actor for tv drama, racking in about 700,000 per episode!
Yeah, exactly and thats what they are promising it will be so I am looking forward to it. I know you said you like action, i do as well. I also like drama, including tv series. Do you like drama at all? I like the show house a lot, have you seen it? Many people must like it because I just found out that Hugh Laurie, the doctor on house, is the highest paid actor for tv drama, racking in about 700,000 per episode!	the doctor on house ? unbelievable I will go and look for the drama
the doctor on house ? unbelievable I will go and look for the drama	Its a quirky show, i like the humor that the incorporate with the drama. It almost makes you have moments of just laugh out loud comedy or even dry or dark humor which can sometimes lift the seriousness of the "drama." How about one more category? Do you enjoy football at all? and i mean american football as well as european football (also soccer from the US)?
Its a quirky show, i like the humor that the incorporate with the drama. It almost makes you have moments of just laugh out loud comedy or even dry or dark humor which can sometimes lift the seriousness of the "drama." How about one more category? Do you enjoy football at all? and i mean american football as well as european football (also soccer from the US)?	Yes I like football I have since I was a child
Yes I like football I have since I was a child	I enjoy football as well. A fun fact.. i think we can both agree that football players make A LOT of money! I read that in the 1960s, professional bowlers made twice as much as football stars! what a different time
I enjoy football as well. A fun fact.. i think we can both agree that football players make A LOT of money! I read that in the 1960s, professional bowlers made twice as much as football stars! what a different time	I think soccer makes more but not the NFL i read somewhere that an engineer would make more than a career NFL player isn't that crazy?
I think soccer makes more but not the NFL i read somewhere that an engineer would make more than a career NFL player isn't that crazy?	really? i actually didnt know that at all. thats interesting. and they get less hurt and more money?! sounds good AND doable haha. whos your favorite team?
really? i actually didnt know that at all. thats interesting. and they get less hurt and more money?! sounds good AND doable haha. whos your favorite team?	I have always loved New York Giants and for soccer I am a devoted fan of Arsenal
I have always loved New York Giants and for soccer I am a devoted fan of Arsenal	Nice! i am actually a patriots fan! little fun fact, one of our former patriots running back (benjarvus green-ellis) has never fumbled a football in his nfl career! but the NY Giants are good too, i cant hate on them :). My family loves european football/soccer, so they follow Polands team. I really enjoy watching the games but iv missed a couple. I just wanted to say its been really geat talking to you! i learned some new things and i hope you did as well. Thank you so much for talking with me! have a great night :)
Nice! i am actually a patriots fan! little fun fact, one of our former patriots running back (benjarvus green-ellis) has never fumbled a football in his nfl career! but the NY Giants are good too, i cant hate on them :). My family loves european football/soccer, so they follow Polands team. I really enjoy watching the games but iv missed a couple. I just wanted to say its been really geat talking to you! i learned some new things and i hope you did as well. Thank you so much for talking with me! have a great night :)	Sweet. Do you know that the highest score ever in football is 222-0
Sweet. Do you know that the highest score ever in football is 222-0	wow! they must have been quite embarrassed losing to those numbers!
wow! they must have been quite embarrassed losing to those numbers!	I know right but it happened in 1961 I bet the rules were different at that time
I know right but it happened in 1961 I bet the rules were different at that time	oh yeah, im sure. football rules seem to be changing all the time. getting more and more strict.
oh yeah, im sure. football rules seem to be changing all the time. getting more and more strict.	nice chatting with you buddy
nice chatting with you buddy	Hi. Have you heard of Baker Mayfield?
Hi. Have you heard of Baker Mayfield?	wasnt he the quarterback that almost left football for gaming?
wasnt he the quarterback that almost left football for gaming?	He was. Apparently he's not only a great quarterback but also great at playing the game Halo 3.
He was. Apparently he's not only a great quarterback but also great at playing the game Halo 3.	He claimed that he could beat anyone at UO at it too.
He claimed that he could beat anyone at UO at it too.	He's a very confident person on and off the field. I guess most quarterbacks are though.
He's a very confident person on and off the field. I guess most quarterbacks are though.	They do have to lead the team. Tom Brady never got that chance on his JV team.
They do have to lead the team. Tom Brady never got that chance on his JV team.	What do you mean? Why didn't he get a chance?
What do you mean? Why didn't he get a chance?	The coach refused to start him.
The coach refused to start him.	Wow, I bet that coach feels weird now. Kellan Moore got started and he's the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.
Wow, I bet that coach feels weird now. Kellan Moore got started and he's the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.	I always thought there would be more left handers, but I guess if you do the stats on left handed people and NFL quarterbacks the percentage is small that the two would intersect.
I always thought there would be more left handers, but I guess if you do the stats on left handed people and NFL quarterbacks the percentage is small that the two would intersect.	Probably so. I was amazed to learn that there used to be a deaf quarterback.
Probably so. I was amazed to learn that there used to be a deaf quarterback.	Yeah, Paul Hubbard. He came up with the iconic circular huddle that is still used today!
Yeah, Paul Hubbard. He came up with the iconic circular huddle that is still used today!	Right! I had always assumed the huddle was just part of the game until I learned about him.
Right! I had always assumed the huddle was just part of the game until I learned about him.	Me too. I didnt know it came from him not wanting his hand signals stolen.
Me too. I didnt know it came from him not wanting his hand signals stolen.	Smart thinking on that. Speaking of smart, what do you think about alex smith? He started college as a junior due to all of the ap tests he took in school.
Smart thinking on that. Speaking of smart, what do you think about alex smith? He started college as a junior due to all of the ap tests he took in school.	That is pretty awesome, I heard he started a masters degree, I dont know if he finished before being drafted in 2005
That is pretty awesome, I heard he started a masters degree, I dont know if he finished before being drafted in 2005	I don't know either. On top of all of that he was the first overall draft pick in 2005.
I don't know either. On top of all of that he was the first overall draft pick in 2005.	That is pretty talented. I wonder what the score would have been if he were in that game back in 1916 that ended up 222-0
That is pretty talented. I wonder what the score would have been if he were in that game back in 1916 that ended up 222-0	I know which game you are talking about. That would depend on what school he was playing for.
I know which game you are talking about. That would depend on what school he was playing for.	Well, if he were on the GA tech side, they might broke 300. LOL
Well, if he were on the GA tech side, they might broke 300. LOL	Definitely true. Who know's he might could have gotten a score for Cumberland.
Definitely true. Who know's he might could have gotten a score for Cumberland.	Are you a football fan? Have you heard about U of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams?
Are you a football fan? Have you heard about U of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams?	I like pro more than college but I had heard that they painted that room pink.
I like pro more than college but I had heard that they painted that room pink.	I guess it's supposed to psych out the opposition. The Super Bowl is coming up. Are you interesting in the SB?
I guess it's supposed to psych out the opposition. The Super Bowl is coming up. Are you interesting in the SB?	I would be more interested if the Patriots weren't in it again. I'm sick of seeing them. It's boring at this point. Did you know that a former Patriots player never fumbled a football his entire career?!
I would be more interested if the Patriots weren't in it again. I'm sick of seeing them. It's boring at this point. Did you know that a former Patriots player never fumbled a football his entire career?!	That's impossible. He must have had special gloves or something. What are the odds that the Pats will win?
That's impossible. He must have had special gloves or something. What are the odds that the Pats will win?	It does seem crazy. I think they will very likely win but I hope not. Did you know that in the 60's pro bowlers made more than pro football players? That seems crazy to me.
It does seem crazy. I think they will very likely win but I hope not. Did you know that in the 60's pro bowlers made more than pro football players? That seems crazy to me.	Football didn't have the television audience that it does today. I would rather be an engineer on the whole.
Football didn't have the television audience that it does today. I would rather be an engineer on the whole.	It would certainly be less hard on your body. I heard that you could make more money in that feld as well which also shocks me.
It would certainly be less hard on your body. I heard that you could make more money in that feld as well which also shocks me.	Engineers are in demand and they can parlay those skills into a good career. Better employment prospects than actors.
Engineers are in demand and they can parlay those skills into a good career. Better employment prospects than actors.	That is true. Do you enjoy horror movies? I adore horror movies.
That is true. Do you enjoy horror movies? I adore horror movies.	I don't really know much about the genre. I've seen a few of them. What films do you like?
I don't really know much about the genre. I've seen a few of them. What films do you like?	Oh so, so many. The classics of course Halloween, Nightmare on Elm Street, Texas Chainsaw, Night of the Living Dead. I could go on forever. Did you know that watching horror movies can burn 180 calories or more.
Oh so, so many. The classics of course Halloween, Nightmare on Elm Street, Texas Chainsaw, Night of the Living Dead. I could go on forever. Did you know that watching horror movies can burn 180 calories or more.	I've seen movies based on King novels. I generally prefer dramas though. Thanks for the list of classics.
I've seen movies based on King novels. I generally prefer dramas though. Thanks for the list of classics.	No problem. I love Stephen King novels. I have a shelf of Stephen King and it's starting to bow from the weight. Did you know he considers Bambi to be the first horror film he saw and that it terrified him as a child?
No problem. I love Stephen King novels. I have a shelf of Stephen King and it's starting to bow from the weight. Did you know he considers Bambi to be the first horror film he saw and that it terrified him as a child?	Stephen King has inflicted his childhood terror on the world.
Stephen King has inflicted his childhood terror on the world.	Ha ha, he's good at it. Speaking of, in the movie The Shining the boy who played Danny didn't know he was acting in a horror film until years later. Probably a good thing given how intense that movie is.
Ha ha, he's good at it. Speaking of, in the movie The Shining the boy who played Danny didn't know he was acting in a horror film until years later. Probably a good thing given how intense that movie is.	I wonder whether he appeared in any other films. I think that many child actors go on to have difficult lives.
I wonder whether he appeared in any other films. I think that many child actors go on to have difficult lives.	Not as far as I know. Here's a reason to watch horror movies, if you view abstract art directly after you will enjoy the art more.
Not as far as I know. Here's a reason to watch horror movies, if you view abstract art directly after you will enjoy the art more.	I don't appreciate abstract art much now, so anything is an improvement. I think that abstract art is its own kind of horror.
I don't appreciate abstract art much now, so anything is an improvement. I think that abstract art is its own kind of horror.	It certainly can be. I like the abstracts that are shapes and colors but not the kind like Picasso where they are supposed to actually represent something. Do you know what a waterphone is?
It certainly can be. I like the abstracts that are shapes and colors but not the kind like Picasso where they are supposed to actually represent something. Do you know what a waterphone is?	Never heard of a waterphone. Is it a phone for speaking underwater? Can't be a phone made of water.
Never heard of a waterphone. Is it a phone for speaking underwater? Can't be a phone made of water.	It's an instrument that produces creepy metallic noises. It's what's used to make those noises in horror and sci-fi movies.
It's an instrument that produces creepy metallic noises. It's what's used to make those noises in horror and sci-fi movies.	I wonder who invented it. Sounds like an instrument invented just for horror film soundtracks.
I wonder who invented it. Sounds like an instrument invented just for horror film soundtracks.	I would be curious to learn that as well.
I would be curious to learn that as well.	Hi do you watch the NFL?
Hi do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I do. I enjoy watching football (especially college footballs)
Yes, I do. I enjoy watching football (especially college footballs)	Nice. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
Nice. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?	Yes, I do. I think the want to intimidate the visiting teams. What do you think?
Yes, I do. I think the want to intimidate the visiting teams. What do you think?	I think so too. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
I think so too. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I know. Now they make pennies compared to professional football players.
I know. Now they make pennies compared to professional football players.	True things have really changed. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?
True things have really changed. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	222. Georgia tech defeated Cumberland in 1916 (scores: 222-0).
222. Georgia tech defeated Cumberland in 1916 (scores: 222-0).	That is crazy and that was way back in 1916
That is crazy and that was way back in 1916	I know. Things like that do not happen anymore. My friend's grandmother who likes to play football for fun when she was young could probably do better than the Cumberland team members.
I know. Things like that do not happen anymore. My friend's grandmother who likes to play football for fun when she was young could probably do better than the Cumberland team members.	Hahha maybe so really. Did you hear about ESPN winning an Emmy once?
Hahha maybe so really. Did you hear about ESPN winning an Emmy once?	Yes, they created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for football games.
Yes, they created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for football games.	Yeah. DO you know who Benajrvus Green-Ellis is?
Yeah. DO you know who Benajrvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes, I do. He has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.
Yes, I do. He has never fumbled the ball in his NFL career.	Yeah pretty impressive. DO you like TOm Brady ?
Yeah pretty impressive. DO you like TOm Brady ?	I admire him but I am not a fan. He is a QB from the Patriots. I am surprised to know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.
I admire him but I am not a fan. He is a QB from the Patriots. I am surprised to know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL.	Yes that is a bit strange. In high school Brady was a backup quarterback that never got started
Yes that is a bit strange. In high school Brady was a backup quarterback that never got started	I'll bet the coach was embarrassed if he is still alive. He went to Junipero Serra high school, correct?
I'll bet the coach was embarrassed if he is still alive. He went to Junipero Serra high school, correct?	Yes, I bet so too. Did you know Alex Smith wrapped up college in just two years?
Yes, I bet so too. Did you know Alex Smith wrapped up college in just two years?	Yes. He took many AP classes at high school. Smart guy!
Yes. He took many AP classes at high school. Smart guy!	Yes planned ahead. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes planned ahead. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?	Pauld D Hubbard. He is deaf and he did not want other teams to read his hand signals.
Pauld D Hubbard. He is deaf and he did not want other teams to read his hand signals.	that is really smart. Nice chatting with you.
that is really smart. Nice chatting with you.	hi, do you have a favorite piece of clothing?
hi, do you have a favorite piece of clothing?	Hi, how are you? No, not particularly. You?
Hi, how are you? No, not particularly. You?	I like shirts, polos specifically. do you like polos?
I like shirts, polos specifically. do you like polos?	They're ok. I think that the Hawaiians have the right idea. The official business attire there is the aloha shirt. No need for a suit and tie.
They're ok. I think that the Hawaiians have the right idea. The official business attire there is the aloha shirt. No need for a suit and tie.	I actually like it. in china gansters used to wear many of them and pop the collars
I actually like it. in china gansters used to wear many of them and pop the collars	I bet they looked the part, too. Did you know that there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL? Kellan Moore. Im surprised. I expected to be more, considering how many lefty pitchers there are in the MLB.
I bet they looked the part, too. Did you know that there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL? Kellan Moore. Im surprised. I expected to be more, considering how many lefty pitchers there are in the MLB.	yeah, me too there are so many of them. Do you know who benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his career?
yeah, me too there are so many of them. Do you know who benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his career?	That's an astonishing feat. I wonder whether he got a bonus for that.
That's an astonishing feat. I wonder whether he got a bonus for that.	I am not sure. did you know espn won an emmy?
I am not sure. did you know espn won an emmy?	I heard. For that yellow line. Seems a bit excessive to give an award for that. Sometimes talent is overlooked. The Junipero Serra high school had a season when they didn't win a game or even score a TD. However, they never used their backup QB, Tom Brady. Gosh, that was an oversight.
I heard. For that yellow line. Seems a bit excessive to give an award for that. Sometimes talent is overlooked. The Junipero Serra high school had a season when they didn't win a game or even score a TD. However, they never used their backup QB, Tom Brady. Gosh, that was an oversight.	Yeah look at where he has gotten. do you know alex smith?
Yeah look at where he has gotten. do you know alex smith?	Never met the guy. Is he a friend of yours?
Never met the guy. Is he a friend of yours?	nope he is a famous quarterback who finished university on only two years
nope he is a famous quarterback who finished university on only two years	Bright guy. Do you know the origin of the huddle? Paul D. Hubbard created the huddle in today's football. Reason: he was a deaf quarterback. He didn't want the other team to read his hand signals.
Bright guy. Do you know the origin of the huddle? Paul D. Hubbard created the huddle in today's football. Reason: he was a deaf quarterback. He didn't want the other team to read his hand signals.	That is so creative, served two purposes. Yeah ALex took so many ap tetst that when he entered university they bumped him to junior
That is so creative, served two purposes. Yeah ALex took so many ap tetst that when he entered university they bumped him to junior	I wonder whether he got an athletic or scholastic scholarship.
I wonder whether he got an athletic or scholastic scholarship.	I bet he did. Do you know Baker Mayfield?
I bet he did. Do you know Baker Mayfield?	No, don't know him.
No, don't know him.	he is a quarterback who initially considered quitting football to pursue a career as a competitive video gamer
he is a quarterback who initially considered quitting football to pursue a career as a competitive video gamer	Probably a lot safer, fewer concussions. Well, it's been great talking with you! Have a fine evening! Enjoy football!
Probably a lot safer, fewer concussions. Well, it's been great talking with you! Have a fine evening! Enjoy football!	Same here, have a good one.
Same here, have a good one.	Do you like listening to the radio?
Do you like listening to the radio?	I used to listen to the radio a lot. i dont listen much now. You?
I used to listen to the radio a lot. i dont listen much now. You?	I do, not much but at least on my way to work and back. I used it mostly for news.
I do, not much but at least on my way to work and back. I used it mostly for news.	i used to listen for the news but i started to tire of it. when i was young, i listened to music. now i go to youtube.
i used to listen for the news but i started to tire of it. when i was young, i listened to music. now i go to youtube.	Did you know soldiers created radios using razor blades and pencils back in world war 2? that is awesome, cool skill
Did you know soldiers created radios using razor blades and pencils back in world war 2? that is awesome, cool skill	I am amazed that they figured that out. i heard that was in a movie too. i never saw it.
I am amazed that they figured that out. i heard that was in a movie too. i never saw it.	Yeah I think I saw that in a movie once, radios are just amazing, they can also pick up storm waves from Jupiter.
Yeah I think I saw that in a movie once, radios are just amazing, they can also pick up storm waves from Jupiter.	I wonder what they sound like. probably more interesting that the news in Latin. LOL
I wonder what they sound like. probably more interesting that the news in Latin. LOL	I agree lol latin news sound really boring but I guess it has a segment of fans out there, it has been around since 1989, so thats something
I agree lol latin news sound really boring but I guess it has a segment of fans out there, it has been around since 1989, so thats something	That's true, and if you want an alternative to storms on jupiter, there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music
That's true, and if you want an alternative to storms on jupiter, there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music	Really? that sounds awesome, the radio is an interesting invention indeed, if you like radio dramas there is a site with thousand of free episodes on the net
Really? that sounds awesome, the radio is an interesting invention indeed, if you like radio dramas there is a site with thousand of free episodes on the net	i havent listened in years. Maybe i should check out that site and see what they have on offer.
i havent listened in years. Maybe i should check out that site and see what they have on offer.	You should indeed so changing the subject do you like football?
You should indeed so changing the subject do you like football?	I sometimes watch football. it can be fun. You?
I sometimes watch football. it can be fun. You?	I do like it, not when a team wins by 222 points but I think its a cool sport.
I do like it, not when a team wins by 222 points but I think its a cool sport.	that is a blowout. i wonder what the winning coach was thinking there.
that is a blowout. i wonder what the winning coach was thinking there.	He was thinking he was the best coach ever lol, do you know the ESPN news network?
He was thinking he was the best coach ever lol, do you know the ESPN news network?	I dont watch ESPN. i do not watch much tv. You?
I dont watch ESPN. i do not watch much tv. You?	I do, well ESPN won an emmy because they created the yellow first down line in football are you familiarized with that line?
I do, well ESPN won an emmy because they created the yellow first down line in football are you familiarized with that line?	I am familiar with it. there are a lot of superimposed graphics now. Anyway, great chat!
I am familiar with it. there are a lot of superimposed graphics now. Anyway, great chat!	Yeah I guess the game has changed and also how we view it. It was great chatting I agree have a nice one, bye.
Yeah I guess the game has changed and also how we view it. It was great chatting I agree have a nice one, bye.	hi how are you? do you like the radio?
hi how are you? do you like the radio?	I am good, I do enjoy the radio, although I only listen to it on the car. What about you?
I am good, I do enjoy the radio, although I only listen to it on the car. What about you?	i dont listen much now. the radio was great growing up. now i spend my days using the computer.
i dont listen much now. the radio was great growing up. now i spend my days using the computer.	Ah, same. I spend a lot of time on my computer and my phone as well.
Ah, same. I spend a lot of time on my computer and my phone as well.	the radio is great for commutes. I think that people should get off their phones. distracted driving is a problem.
the radio is great for commutes. I think that people should get off their phones. distracted driving is a problem.	Agreed, although listening to the radio while driving is not distracting. It is when you are are your phone, that you become very distracted.
Agreed, although listening to the radio while driving is not distracting. It is when you are are your phone, that you become very distracted.	yes, the radio is perfect. people want to text and stuff. i guess they could listen to radio storms on Jupiter too.
yes, the radio is perfect. people want to text and stuff. i guess they could listen to radio storms on Jupiter too.	The radio is good, but the ads that play on the radios are very annoying. They play for so long that you have to change the channel, which will further distract you from driving.
The radio is good, but the ads that play on the radios are very annoying. They play for so long that you have to change the channel, which will further distract you from driving.	true. i guess pod casts are a better way to go. would you listen to the news in latin though?
true. i guess pod casts are a better way to go. would you listen to the news in latin though?	Nope, I cannot understand latin. Did you know that the most popular radio acts were ventriloquist? I wonder how they even knew he was one.
Nope, I cannot understand latin. Did you know that the most popular radio acts were ventriloquist? I wonder how they even knew he was one.	i guess the jokes were good? the voices were good? it is funny what entertains people.
i guess the jokes were good? the voices were good? it is funny what entertains people.	Yes. Bull Murray voiced a human torch back in the 19770s.
Yes. Bull Murray voiced a human torch back in the 19770s.	Bill Murray is a comedy genius. he should do more voice work. i bet he could have done radio shows back in the day.
Bill Murray is a comedy genius. he should do more voice work. i bet he could have done radio shows back in the day.	Yes, probably. He voiced the human torch in the fantastic four radio show. I guess radios were much bigger back then.
Yes, probably. He voiced the human torch in the fantastic four radio show. I guess radios were much bigger back then.	Yes, it is true. we could go to the internet archive and see just how many show there were.
Yes, it is true. we could go to the internet archive and see just how many show there were.	Do you happen to follow kayne west?
Do you happen to follow kayne west?	I do not follow kanye much. he believes odd things like AIDS is man made or something.
I do not follow kanye much. he believes odd things like AIDS is man made or something.	Yeah. Taylor Swift is in fact two inches taller than kanye.
Yeah. Taylor Swift is in fact two inches taller than kanye.	She sure is a tall gal. Kanye really should not have taken that mic from her. Anyway, great chat!
She sure is a tall gal. Kanye really should not have taken that mic from her. Anyway, great chat!	Yes, great chat! Thank you for you time!
Yes, great chat! Thank you for you time!	Yes, you too! Have a good night!
Yes, you too! Have a good night!	You too!
You too!	Hi, are you a Fox New viewer?
Hi, are you a Fox New viewer?	No i am not.. not a fan of the news because it's so negative!
No i am not.. not a fan of the news because it's so negative!	I agree, I was shocked that the have more viewers than CNN and MSNBC combined. The says something about America.
I agree, I was shocked that the have more viewers than CNN and MSNBC combined. The says something about America.	Wow, i don't beleive that! Isn't fox news mostly republican?
Wow, i don't beleive that! Isn't fox news mostly republican?	Yes, or conservative. I think the Republican Party came to Fox News, my grandparents were Eisenhower Republicans and parents liked Reagan, but they wouldn't recognize the Republican Party of today.What do you think of how Fox/Trump characterized mass shootings and mental illness?
Yes, or conservative. I think the Republican Party came to Fox News, my grandparents were Eisenhower Republicans and parents liked Reagan, but they wouldn't recognize the Republican Party of today.What do you think of how Fox/Trump characterized mass shootings and mental illness?	Well, i think it's ok! He says things way out there... but it's something we deal with and are very tired and disgusted by!
Well, i think it's ok! He says things way out there... but it's something we deal with and are very tired and disgusted by!	I think it fires up his base and a lot of people feel that way, but doesn't lead to the compromises needed to run a representative Democracy longterm. Did you see where the president of Zimbabwe is called President Banana on a lighter note? That kinda of funny.
I think it fires up his base and a lot of people feel that way, but doesn't lead to the compromises needed to run a representative Democracy longterm. Did you see where the president of Zimbabwe is called President Banana on a lighter note? That kinda of funny.	Yeah, that is crazy! or the president of indonesia has 3 pop records. LOL
Yeah, that is crazy! or the president of indonesia has 3 pop records. LOL	Indeed, I think Bill Clinton played saxophone, but am unaware he was ever recorded. It's odd Jefferson and Washington were 2 of the 3 wealthest Presidents and so far back, I guess there was good money running slave plantations if you were at the top.
Indeed, I think Bill Clinton played saxophone, but am unaware he was ever recorded. It's odd Jefferson and Washington were 2 of the 3 wealthest Presidents and so far back, I guess there was good money running slave plantations if you were at the top.	Yeah right! I wonder if Trump would fall into that category now?
Yeah right! I wonder if Trump would fall into that category now?	Haha, it been said he's wealth is overstated and he lyed his way to Forbes top 500, with his loose relationship with the truth who knows what he's worth. He did go bankrupt four times and credit was so bad he had to get loans from Deutsche Bank because no US banks would loan him money. Who knows?
Haha, it been said he's wealth is overstated and he lyed his way to Forbes top 500, with his loose relationship with the truth who knows what he's worth. He did go bankrupt four times and credit was so bad he had to get loans from Deutsche Bank because no US banks would loan him money. Who knows?	LOL... that is so true!
LOL... that is so true!	Did you know that you can pick up radio interference from Jupiter's storms, that is pretty crazy. I haven't used an am radio in 40 years, have you?
Did you know that you can pick up radio interference from Jupiter's storms, that is pretty crazy. I haven't used an am radio in 40 years, have you?	WOw... yeah neither have i... i wonder what it sounds like?
WOw... yeah neither have i... i wonder what it sounds like?	Maybe a Rick Wakeman solo album (joke). Interesting the Canadian Law requires stations to play 40% Canadian Music, I guess they're trying to hold back the US media onslaught and give Canadian artists a change/market.
Maybe a Rick Wakeman solo album (joke). Interesting the Canadian Law requires stations to play 40% Canadian Music, I guess they're trying to hold back the US media onslaught and give Canadian artists a change/market.	Yeah i am sure... kind of a socialistic way of doing things though isn't it?
Yeah i am sure... kind of a socialistic way of doing things though isn't it?	Yes, I can't say US Radio or TV is better left to free market; though I've never listened to Canadian Radio. I knew Richard Ailes was a creator of Fox News, but did you know Richard Nixon was also?
Yes, I can't say US Radio or TV is better left to free market; though I've never listened to Canadian Radio. I knew Richard Ailes was a creator of Fox News, but did you know Richard Nixon was also?	He was... how was he involved?
He was... how was he involved?	Just information, not sure it was public information because they seems a little like Pravada and Soviet era propaganda if a political party was behind a network. As you mentioned earlier Fox News has a Republican Bias and I agree.
Just information, not sure it was public information because they seems a little like Pravada and Soviet era propaganda if a political party was behind a network. As you mentioned earlier Fox News has a Republican Bias and I agree.	Yeah... there's a lot us normal citizens have np clue on!
Yeah... there's a lot us normal citizens have np clue on!	Yep, there's a lot or rich people behind PAC's and the scenes doing things the average middle class person doesn't know about. I would have watch an all Simpson's Cable Channel when I was younger if I could, they made me laugh in their earlier days.
Yep, there's a lot or rich people behind PAC's and the scenes doing things the average middle class person doesn't know about. I would have watch an all Simpson's Cable Channel when I was younger if I could, they made me laugh in their earlier days.	So true!!! Well, great chat! Have a good one!
So true!!! Well, great chat! Have a good one!	I can't believe the US federal debt is about $15 trillion dollars!
I can't believe the US federal debt is about $15 trillion dollars!	hi how are you? yes, it is hard to believe, and it will only get worse.
hi how are you? yes, it is hard to believe, and it will only get worse.	The tax cut last year is estimated to increase the deficit by more than $2.3 trillion too over the next decade. Do you follow Fox news?
The tax cut last year is estimated to increase the deficit by more than $2.3 trillion too over the next decade. Do you follow Fox news?	i dont watch the news much. i find that it is mostly editorial.
i dont watch the news much. i find that it is mostly editorial.	I hear that. I was surprised to find out that though that Fox news was created partially by Richard Nixon.
I hear that. I was surprised to find out that though that Fox news was created partially by Richard Nixon.	nixon was troubled by his treatment by the media. i think he wanted a pulpit for his views.
nixon was troubled by his treatment by the media. i think he wanted a pulpit for his views.	Quite possible. Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined so there are a lot of people out there watching them
Quite possible. Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined so there are a lot of people out there watching them	every network has its bias. i would rather not hear any biased news at all. it manipulates the emotions but doesnt help us think.
every network has its bias. i would rather not hear any biased news at all. it manipulates the emotions but doesnt help us think.	Yes. The gaming website IGN is owned by news corp, which also owns fox news. I've never gone to that website.
Yes. The gaming website IGN is owned by news corp, which also owns fox news. I've never gone to that website.	i havent either. news corp is murdochs company. it is huge. he has a lot of power and a megaphone to trumpet his views.
i havent either. news corp is murdochs company. it is huge. he has a lot of power and a megaphone to trumpet his views.	Yes he does. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest American presidents before Trump were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Yes he does. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest American presidents before Trump were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	is trump the wealthiest now? i dont know how much money he actually has.
is trump the wealthiest now? i dont know how much money he actually has.	I believe I read somewhere that he is the wealthiest president ever. Crazy.
I believe I read somewhere that he is the wealthiest president ever. Crazy.	i think now you need money to run a campaign for higher office. i think that he is going to be a tough candidate for 2020.
i think now you need money to run a campaign for higher office. i think that he is going to be a tough candidate for 2020.	Yes. I agree with you there. Here's something funny....the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
Yes. I agree with you there. Here's something funny....the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!	that is an awesome name. everyone will remember the Banana! Hail to the fruit!
that is an awesome name. everyone will remember the Banana! Hail to the fruit!	Hahaha Another funny one is the president of Indonesia. He's released 3 pop albums while in office. Sounds like he didn't get much done on the politics side of things.
Hahaha Another funny one is the president of Indonesia. He's released 3 pop albums while in office. Sounds like he didn't get much done on the politics side of things.	he probably has underlings to get the real work done while hes in the studio with the babes.
he probably has underlings to get the real work done while hes in the studio with the babes.	Haha Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential race automatically became the vice president. I couldn't imagine that working now. They would never get nothing done but fight 100 percent of the time.
Haha Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential race automatically became the vice president. I couldn't imagine that working now. They would never get nothing done but fight 100 percent of the time.	True. the duets would suck too. Anyway, nice chat.
True. the duets would suck too. Anyway, nice chat.	lol Nice chatting with you too!
lol Nice chatting with you too!	Hello. How are you doing.
Hello. How are you doing.	Im doing great, did you know Trump isnt the richest president in US history, that fact came as a suprise to me
Im doing great, did you know Trump isnt the richest president in US history, that fact came as a suprise to me	I didnt know that actually. He has to be up there though.
I didnt know that actually. He has to be up there though.	His not even on the top 3 maybe he is number 4,
His not even on the top 3 maybe he is number 4,	I bet JFk is in the top 3 I know he had money.
I bet JFk is in the top 3 I know he had money.	He is actually the first on that ranking, Washington and Jefferson follow him,
He is actually the first on that ranking, Washington and Jefferson follow him,	I dont know much about Jefferson, I did know that Washington had a lot of money though.
I dont know much about Jefferson, I did know that Washington had a lot of money though.	Yeah but I didnt know it was more than Trump, his guest house is larger thant the white house, that is insane!
Yeah but I didnt know it was more than Trump, his guest house is larger thant the white house, that is insane!	He probably has a few houses that are bigger than the white house. Lol
He probably has a few houses that are bigger than the white house. Lol	I agree and a bunch of hotels as well, did you know that before the year 1805 the runner up of an election would become vice president!!
I agree and a bunch of hotels as well, did you know that before the year 1805 the runner up of an election would become vice president!!	Yeah, I dont think that would work today. Campaigns are to negative these days. Especially trump and clintons campaigns.
Yeah, I dont think that would work today. Campaigns are to negative these days. Especially trump and clintons campaigns.	That was a poisonous campaign, they would kill each other every day at office, good thing the rule doesnt apply anymore
That was a poisonous campaign, they would kill each other every day at office, good thing the rule doesnt apply anymore	There would be some classic q
There would be some classic q	Did you hear about president Banana? he was the first president of Zimbawe
Did you hear about president Banana? he was the first president of Zimbawe	Sorry bout that last message my son hit the enter button. I meant to say those would be some interesting press conferences. I bet President banana had some interesting ones to Lol.
Sorry bout that last message my son hit the enter button. I meant to say those would be some interesting press conferences. I bet President banana had some interesting ones to Lol.	I hope his press members treat him with respect even though his name isn't very common
I hope his press members treat him with respect even though his name isn't very common	I can hear a theme song for him going in my head as we speak.
I can hear a theme song for him going in my head as we speak.	Maybe the president of Indonesia can perform the theme song lol, he is a pop star after all
Maybe the president of Indonesia can perform the theme song lol, he is a pop star after all	Lol. They could be a group. The pop Pres and the banana. I would buy a ticket to that concert.
Lol. They could be a group. The pop Pres and the banana. I would buy a ticket to that concert.	I would buy a ticket as welll President Banana and Presiden Indonesia featuring Trump, live only once at the Gillete Stadium
I would buy a ticket as welll President Banana and Presiden Indonesia featuring Trump, live only once at the Gillete Stadium	Im sure hillary would love it. Lol
Im sure hillary would love it. Lol	She would and if that doesnt sell out the stadium nothing will lol
She would and if that doesnt sell out the stadium nothing will lol	Do you like listening to radio ?
Do you like listening to radio ?	Hello there, I do enjoy it, I found a good local station recently. How about yourself?
Hello there, I do enjoy it, I found a good local station recently. How about yourself?	I like listening to radio programs, the principle of the radio is so simple that you can build one with a razor blade and a pencil.
I like listening to radio programs, the principle of the radio is so simple that you can build one with a razor blade and a pencil.	That is so cool, didn't soldiers used to do that?
That is so cool, didn't soldiers used to do that?	Yeah in WW2, I think it was called a foxhole radio, I guess they did sound bad, but it was better than nothing.
Yeah in WW2, I think it was called a foxhole radio, I guess they did sound bad, but it was better than nothing.	Yeah I'm sure they were happy to get anything they could from it, very interesting.
Yeah I'm sure they were happy to get anything they could from it, very interesting.	It was probably music there were listening, if it was radio dramas, they would a missed many parts when in combat, have you ever listened to one ?
It was probably music there were listening, if it was radio dramas, they would a missed many parts when in combat, have you ever listened to one ?	No I don't think I have, but I have heard there is a website that has tons of free ones to listen to.
No I don't think I have, but I have heard there is a website that has tons of free ones to listen to.	It was like theater, but you could not see the actors. It was a demanding activity since you could not do anything else while doing.
It was like theater, but you could not see the actors. It was a demanding activity since you could not do anything else while doing.	That is true, I think it would take tremendous skill to perform those dramas.
That is true, I think it would take tremendous skill to perform those dramas.	Besides, how do you get your news ?
Besides, how do you get your news ?	I always read the local paper, and then social media, and friends and family, I also watch a lot of CNBC, how about you?
I always read the local paper, and then social media, and friends and family, I also watch a lot of CNBC, how about you?	I use mainly the BBC and a local news network but a lot of people are using Fox News.
I use mainly the BBC and a local news network but a lot of people are using Fox News.	I read that, I can't believe how popular they are. They even had a feud with the Simpsons.
I read that, I can't believe how popular they are. They even had a feud with the Simpsons.	They do seem to be easily offended but I suppose it's because they are so opionated!
They do seem to be easily offended but I suppose it's because they are so opionated!	Yeah and you know how it is now days that if you have an opinion, everyone hates you, unless its the right opinion, then you are ok.
Yeah and you know how it is now days that if you have an opinion, everyone hates you, unless its the right opinion, then you are ok.	And they are situated in New-York, I would have thought that would be situated in in the deep south, for me, they will sound even stranger when they blame the NY elite.
And they are situated in New-York, I would have thought that would be situated in in the deep south, for me, they will sound even stranger when they blame the NY elite.	Yeah I agree with you on that. And, they were founded with help from Nixon as well.
Yeah I agree with you on that. And, they were founded with help from Nixon as well.	Well, everyone is entitled to their opinions I guess, even Richard Nixon, but he was not someone who liked the truth, so creating a news network for him is surprising.
Well, everyone is entitled to their opinions I guess, even Richard Nixon, but he was not someone who liked the truth, so creating a news network for him is surprising.	Yeah I guess when you put it that way, it does make sense then.
Yeah I guess when you put it that way, it does make sense then.	And the thing is that Fox News is is a part of a bigger corporation that owns even small websites like IGN. They are powerful.
And the thing is that Fox News is is a part of a bigger corporation that owns even small websites like IGN. They are powerful.	Yes they really are, well it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day.
Yes they really are, well it was nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day.	Hi do you watch fox news?
Hi do you watch fox news?	Hi, yes, I watch Fox news and CNN just to get both sides of the story and then decide for myself, who's actually telling the truth!
Hi, yes, I watch Fox news and CNN just to get both sides of the story and then decide for myself, who's actually telling the truth!	Nice! Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined!
Nice! Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined!	I've heard that. I just remember the old days when the anchor just read the news and didn't give all their opinions, like these days.
I've heard that. I just remember the old days when the anchor just read the news and didn't give all their opinions, like these days.	Yes. It was better back then if you ask me. Fox news discussed the possiblity of creating a Simpson only cable channel.
Yes. It was better back then if you ask me. Fox news discussed the possiblity of creating a Simpson only cable channel.	I like the Simpsons, but I don't think I could watch a channel with nothing but them on it! Lol
I like the Simpsons, but I don't think I could watch a channel with nothing but them on it! Lol	lol The gaming website IGN is owned by News corp., who also owns Fox news.
lol The gaming website IGN is owned by News corp., who also owns Fox news.	I didn't know that. I was shocked to find out that former president Richard Nixon had a hand in creating Fox news.
I didn't know that. I was shocked to find out that former president Richard Nixon had a hand in creating Fox news.	I was too. Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda. How do you sue something you own? lol
I was too. Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda. How do you sue something you own? lol	In America, anything is possible. Lol
In America, anything is possible. Lol	lol True. Do you know many facts about presidential history?
lol True. Do you know many facts about presidential history?	I know some. The top 3 wealthiest U.S. presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
I know some. The top 3 wealthiest U.S. presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Nice. The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! lol
Nice. The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! lol	That's funny! I think my list is outdated because, I think Trump is probably at the top of that list, now. Don't you think?
That's funny! I think my list is outdated because, I think Trump is probably at the top of that list, now. Don't you think?	I was thinking the same thing. lol The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house. Probably to make visitors more comfortable maybe?
I was thinking the same thing. lol The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house. Probably to make visitors more comfortable maybe?	You're probably right about both. Have you ever been to the White House?
You're probably right about both. Have you ever been to the White House?	I've never been there. How about you?
I've never been there. How about you?	Yes, I've been once when I was a child on a school trip, years ago and I remember thinking that it was small, even back then. I've never seen the guest house, though.
Yes, I've been once when I was a child on a school trip, years ago and I remember thinking that it was small, even back then. I've never seen the guest house, though.	That's awesome! I hope to get there someday. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol It's been fun chatting!
That's awesome! I hope to get there someday. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol It's been fun chatting!	He must not have been very busy as president if he had time to release Pop albums. Lol It's been nice chatting with you, as well. Enjoy the rest of your day.
He must not have been very busy as president if he had time to release Pop albums. Lol It's been nice chatting with you, as well. Enjoy the rest of your day.	Hope you enjoy the rest of your day as well!
Hope you enjoy the rest of your day as well!	I read an interesting article
I read an interesting article	Oh yeah, what was it about? I read some where that woodrow wilson was the only us president with a phd.
Oh yeah, what was it about? I read some where that woodrow wilson was the only us president with a phd.	That is interesting. It's about President Trump and Republican views on mass shootings and mental health
That is interesting. It's about President Trump and Republican views on mass shootings and mental health	Yeah Trump said that he was going to work with local official to address school safety and mental health. I did hear that. What do you think?
Yeah Trump said that he was going to work with local official to address school safety and mental health. I did hear that. What do you think?	I think that is a good idea,however, the language in the article is alarming.
I think that is a good idea,however, the language in the article is alarming.	Yeah are you referring to statement about idiot control verses gun control?
Yeah are you referring to statement about idiot control verses gun control?	Yes, I am. Also the fact that they are basically poking fun at mental illness as though people with mental illnesses are bad.
Yes, I am. Also the fact that they are basically poking fun at mental illness as though people with mental illnesses are bad.	I understand your concerns there as well. Apparently there is a group of idiots that could have stopped what happened in Florida according to politicians.
I understand your concerns there as well. Apparently there is a group of idiots that could have stopped what happened in Florida according to politicians.	Fox News doesn't help matters. They tend to be negative
Fox News doesn't help matters. They tend to be negative	I agree. They say that it's mostly the elderly that watch it at least since 2007.
I agree. They say that it's mostly the elderly that watch it at least since 2007.	It was created by President Nixon and a republican media guy named Richard Ailes
It was created by President Nixon and a republican media guy named Richard Ailes	Oh so the 2 Richards. Apparently they tried to sue the simpsons.
Oh so the 2 Richards. Apparently they tried to sue the simpsons.	Hmm, I didn't hear about that. I do know that Fox news corp. discussed creating an all Simpsons channel
Hmm, I didn't hear about that. I do know that Fox news corp. discussed creating an all Simpsons channel	I heard that, Simpsons day and night. They also tried to have a conservative version of the daily show.
I heard that, Simpsons day and night. They also tried to have a conservative version of the daily show.	Fox is watched more than CNN and MSNBC together
Fox is watched more than CNN and MSNBC together	I know but so many ppl seem to dislike them it's hard to believe.
I know but so many ppl seem to dislike them it's hard to believe.	I don't think the people that tend to like Fox news really want to know the truth versus just having their moral convictions validated.
I don't think the people that tend to like Fox news really want to know the truth versus just having their moral convictions validated.	Not sure i totally agree with that but you got a point. Here's an interesting fact did you know that Abe Linchon was the first president to be photographed and his would be assassin was in that picture?
Not sure i totally agree with that but you got a point. Here's an interesting fact did you know that Abe Linchon was the first president to be photographed and his would be assassin was in that picture?	Yes, I did actually. Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
Yes, I did actually. Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?	By choice or some other reason. I do know that the president of Indonesia has 3 pop albums. Can you imagine trump singing pop?
By choice or some other reason. I do know that the president of Indonesia has 3 pop albums. Can you imagine trump singing pop?	Not at all. lol. Until the year 1805, the runner up in an election was automatically made VP?
Not at all. lol. Until the year 1805, the runner up in an election was automatically made VP?	Wow, Obama and McCain or Hillary and Trump? Sounds like the makings of an even more interesting reality show.
Wow, Obama and McCain or Hillary and Trump? Sounds like the makings of an even more interesting reality show.	I agree!
I agree!	Well it was nice chatting with you.
Well it was nice chatting with you.	Hello, are you a fan of the President?
Hello, are you a fan of the President?	Hi, how are you? You mean President Trump?
Hi, how are you? You mean President Trump?	Yes! But also in general. Did you know Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents?
Yes! But also in general. Did you know Trump isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents?	That was a shocker to me! But I guess that Washington and Jefferson were landowners. JKF has his daddy's rum-running money.
That was a shocker to me! But I guess that Washington and Jefferson were landowners. JKF has his daddy's rum-running money.	Presidents all around are surprising. The first president of Zimbabwe was actually president banana
Presidents all around are surprising. The first president of Zimbabwe was actually president banana	What a nickname for a man in Africa! It disturbs me that five presidents have gotten to the White House while losing the popular vote. That seems undemocratic. Should we abolish the Electoral College?
What a nickname for a man in Africa! It disturbs me that five presidents have gotten to the White House while losing the popular vote. That seems undemocratic. Should we abolish the Electoral College?	I'm not sure! It's certainly an argument right? They make a lot of changes so it's possible. It used to be that the runner up of the race became vice president.
I'm not sure! It's certainly an argument right? They make a lot of changes so it's possible. It used to be that the runner up of the race became vice president.	That would make the White House a Mad House! The US seems to be anti-intellectual about presidents. Only Woodrow Wilson had a PhD, and the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
That would make the White House a Mad House! The US seems to be anti-intellectual about presidents. Only Woodrow Wilson had a PhD, and the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.	Oh and I'm sure right now is the best representation of that. Although it's the same other places too. The president of Indonesia actually has released pop albums in office, not very presidential.
Oh and I'm sure right now is the best representation of that. Although it's the same other places too. The president of Indonesia actually has released pop albums in office, not very presidential.	I guess he could get sales from his notoriety. Guatemala prohibits close relatives of former presidents to run for president. That would be a problem for the Bush and Clinton families.
I guess he could get sales from his notoriety. Guatemala prohibits close relatives of former presidents to run for president. That would be a problem for the Bush and Clinton families.	Ahah it certainly would be. Maybe they could stay in the guest house instead of the white house. It is bigger after all!
Ahah it certainly would be. Maybe they could stay in the guest house instead of the white house. It is bigger after all!	Trump could put up a big Trump sign on it and rent it out. Or do an AirBnB with it. Add a few stories.
Trump could put up a big Trump sign on it and rent it out. Or do an AirBnB with it. Add a few stories.	It would definitely be picked up on Fox News. Fox was actually created by Nixon, so maybe it would be spun into a positive light.
It would definitely be picked up on Fox News. Fox was actually created by Nixon, so maybe it would be spun into a positive light.	Nixon, huh? In 2015, the median viewer age was 68 years old for Fox News. Skewing pretty old and conservative. It's hilarious that Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons. Fox hated the parodying its anti-Democratic party agenda. The Simpsons are Fox!
Nixon, huh? In 2015, the median viewer age was 68 years old for Fox News. Skewing pretty old and conservative. It's hilarious that Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons. Fox hated the parodying its anti-Democratic party agenda. The Simpsons are Fox!	I hear they even wanted to create a cable channel only to air the Simpsons! They do have a lot of influence, they have more watchers than CNN and MSNBC combined I believe.
I hear they even wanted to create a cable channel only to air the Simpsons! They do have a lot of influence, they have more watchers than CNN and MSNBC combined I believe.	It has its limits with regard to programming. In 2007 Fox News tried a conservative version of "The Daily Show." Cancelled after 13 episodes. I think viewers want something serious.
It has its limits with regard to programming. In 2007 Fox News tried a conservative version of "The Daily Show." Cancelled after 13 episodes. I think viewers want something serious.	Maybe they should have switched to CNN instead ahah. Perhaps they should have tried experimenting in other regions instead, after all Fox is provided in 86 countries.
Maybe they should have switched to CNN instead ahah. Perhaps they should have tried experimenting in other regions instead, after all Fox is provided in 86 countries.	It's a powerful presence around the globe.The percentage of airtime on Fox dedicated to opinion is only 55%. for MSNBC, it's 85%. I thought it would the other way around.
It's a powerful presence around the globe.The percentage of airtime on Fox dedicated to opinion is only 55%. for MSNBC, it's 85%. I thought it would the other way around.	I would've thought the same. I'm sure the radio must play a huge role in influencing public opinion too!
I would've thought the same. I'm sure the radio must play a huge role in influencing public opinion too!	Radio did so in the past. Now it's the Internet. I used to listen to radio. Now I go to YouTube.
Radio did so in the past. Now it's the Internet. I used to listen to radio. Now I go to YouTube.	That's fair though, at least YouTube seems more free. In Canada, all radios have to have at least 40% of all music played be Canadian.
That's fair though, at least YouTube seems more free. In Canada, all radios have to have at least 40% of all music played be Canadian.	Yeah, that's the CanCon reuquirement. Canadian content to ensure that Canadians artists are represented. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
Yeah, that's the CanCon reuquirement. Canadian content to ensure that Canadians artists are represented. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!	Absolutely, you have a good night too!
Absolutely, you have a good night too!	Bye
Bye	Good morning to you. Do you ever listen to the radio? I think it's so cool how it uses different properties of electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space.
Good morning to you. Do you ever listen to the radio? I think it's so cool how it uses different properties of electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space.	radio really is a cool medium. it is still valuable to use, though most people prefer video. it dont listen now as much as I used to.
radio really is a cool medium. it is still valuable to use, though most people prefer video. it dont listen now as much as I used to.	Very good point. They have a lot of variation on the radio too. In Finland they have a weekly program in Latin.
Very good point. They have a lot of variation on the radio too. In Finland they have a weekly program in Latin.	news for Latin fans? sounds like a tiny audience, but then again, its finland, so maybe there are many fans
news for Latin fans? sounds like a tiny audience, but then again, its finland, so maybe there are many fans	Yeah I would like to know more about that. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
Yeah I would like to know more about that. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	i wonder who visits the site.its a great idea to preserve older media but i think the younger generation prefers video. maybe researchers like the site.
i wonder who visits the site.its a great idea to preserve older media but i think the younger generation prefers video. maybe researchers like the site.	I would have to agree with you there. I don't think a lot of young people use the radio. Back in the day it used to be so popular. Soldiers even made their own.
I would have to agree with you there. I don't think a lot of young people use the radio. Back in the day it used to be so popular. Soldiers even made their own.	soldiers in fox holes can be quite inventive, i bet. the situation pushes them to be creative.
soldiers in fox holes can be quite inventive, i bet. the situation pushes them to be creative.	Yeah I bet they were very desperate. It is kind of annoying when the radio becomes static but maybe that is just Jupiter having a radio storm.
Yeah I bet they were very desperate. It is kind of annoying when the radio becomes static but maybe that is just Jupiter having a radio storm.	jupiter does get quite stormy at times. i figure that its good to have neighbors, but not when they have loud parties.
jupiter does get quite stormy at times. i figure that its good to have neighbors, but not when they have loud parties.	Yeah good point. I wonder if fox news ever had a radio show? They once discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.
Yeah good point. I wonder if fox news ever had a radio show? They once discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons.	i would think that fox has something on the radio for its listeners in cars during commutes. i guess a Simpsons channel would ok. a website would be better.
i would think that fox has something on the radio for its listeners in cars during commutes. i guess a Simpsons channel would ok. a website would be better.	Because then you could watch whenever you wanted to. Fox News is very popular it's watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
Because then you could watch whenever you wanted to. Fox News is very popular it's watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	yes, there is a big following in the us. i figure that the country has gradually shifted to the right.
yes, there is a big following in the us. i figure that the country has gradually shifted to the right.	Yeah it seems that way. The fox news network was created by Republican media strategic asked Richard ailes and President Richard Nixon.
Yeah it seems that way. The fox news network was created by Republican media strategic asked Richard ailes and President Richard Nixon.	they wanted to have an ally in the media to put their perspective out there. i am tired of listening to news in general. it always has an agenda.
they wanted to have an ally in the media to put their perspective out there. i am tired of listening to news in general. it always has an agenda.	Yeah I wish news just inform people of what's going on. Another thing I didn't know is that the gaming website IGN is owned by the corporation who runs Fox news.
Yeah I wish news just inform people of what's going on. Another thing I didn't know is that the gaming website IGN is owned by the corporation who runs Fox news.	fox is much bigger and more powerful than a lot suspect. murdoch has an empire. the radio is just one part of it, as it the news arm.
fox is much bigger and more powerful than a lot suspect. murdoch has an empire. the radio is just one part of it, as it the news arm.	Yeah good point. I didn't know they provide news to 86 countries!
Yeah good point. I didn't know they provide news to 86 countries!	it is the network that americans probably know best, and the world knows it well too. Anyway, great chat!
it is the network that americans probably know best, and the world knows it well too. Anyway, great chat!	They even threatened to sue the Simpsons once! You too bye !
They even threatened to sue the Simpsons once! You too bye !	hello
hello	The shooting in Pittsburgh was a terrible thing
The shooting in Pittsburgh was a terrible thing	i know about the article details
i know about the article details	These type of incidents are on the rise in the past two years
These type of incidents are on the rise in the past two years	ok please tell me above the article details
ok please tell me above the article details	Do you remember hearing about the church shootings in Pittsburgh or Charlottesville?
Do you remember hearing about the church shootings in Pittsburgh or Charlottesville?	he deadly violence in Charlottesville put the alt-right and white supremacy at the center of national political debate
he deadly violence in Charlottesville put the alt-right and white supremacy at the center of national political debate	There lies a deep hatred for certain groups of people by extremists who are scared and warped minded
There lies a deep hatred for certain groups of people by extremists who are scared and warped minded	Do you know about the Article section 2?
Do you know about the Article section 2?	I only heard a little bit about the vandalism at the church.
I only heard a little bit about the vandalism at the church.	please tell me about the details for me?
please tell me about the details for me?	If you follow this kind of thing or pay attention at all on social media it is pretty obvious how much hate still exists
If you follow this kind of thing or pay attention at all on social media it is pretty obvious how much hate still exists	yes this is a fact
yes this is a fact	Did you participate in the protest in 2017?
Did you participate in the protest in 2017?	No, i'm not, Did you think this is most important for everyone?
No, i'm not, Did you think this is most important for everyone?	I think everyone should stand up against hate.
I think everyone should stand up against hate.	Okay, Do you know about the Article section 3?
Okay, Do you know about the Article section 3?	Yes, it is about the young man who walked into a church an shot everyone point blank.
Yes, it is about the young man who walked into a church an shot everyone point blank.	Oh, I think you are very interested for social issues.
Oh, I think you are very interested for social issues.	Can you summarized your thoughts of the author's comments in part 4 of the story?
Can you summarized your thoughts of the author's comments in part 4 of the story?	I'm not fully about this story, i know a little bit for this story.
I'm not fully about this story, i know a little bit for this story.	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	No, not now. I use Apple tunes I bought for the drive into work in the morning, but yes; ealier in my life we lived on radio. Music, talk, morning drive was always an institution.I see where one of the most popular radio acts in the 1930's was a ventriloquuist. I wonder how that worked.
No, not now. I use Apple tunes I bought for the drive into work in the morning, but yes; ealier in my life we lived on radio. Music, talk, morning drive was always an institution.I see where one of the most popular radio acts in the 1930's was a ventriloquuist. I wonder how that worked.	I'm not sure. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor blade and pencil?
I'm not sure. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor blade and pencil?	I'm sure in war, in a Fox hole you do what you have to do. I had a radio shack kit in the 1970's where you made a similar radio. Have you ever heard that radio station that translates the sun activity into radio sounds, I wonder if that is white noise or sounds like an old Yes Album?
I'm sure in war, in a Fox hole you do what you have to do. I had a radio shack kit in the 1970's where you made a similar radio. Have you ever heard that radio station that translates the sun activity into radio sounds, I wonder if that is white noise or sounds like an old Yes Album?	No, the white noise is cosmic background radiation. The people that found it were at bell labs and won a nobel prize for it.
No, the white noise is cosmic background radiation. The people that found it were at bell labs and won a nobel prize for it.	Nice, and in dark matter and radiationis the big bang bouncing around still? Do you watch Fox News, these days it's a loaded political question, i see where in 2015 the median viewer age was 68, seems like their over represented in the zeitgeist.
Nice, and in dark matter and radiationis the big bang bouncing around still? Do you watch Fox News, these days it's a loaded political question, i see where in 2015 the median viewer age was 68, seems like their over represented in the zeitgeist.	I've seen fox news. I don't watch it a lot though.
I've seen fox news. I don't watch it a lot though.	I don't either, it raises my blood pressure. I did used to watch the Simpsons with my kids, did you see where they threatened to sue themselves to stop the Simpson's from parodying Fox News?
I don't either, it raises my blood pressure. I did used to watch the Simpsons with my kids, did you see where they threatened to sue themselves to stop the Simpson's from parodying Fox News?	I can believe that. It shows that they actually separate the departments though!
I can believe that. It shows that they actually separate the departments though!	Yes, have you followed the anti-vax movement? Fox spread a lot of it, I see where that guy with adult measles blamed his parents for his problems. It's hard to combat the anti-vax crowd on Fox and elsewhere.
Yes, have you followed the anti-vax movement? Fox spread a lot of it, I see where that guy with adult measles blamed his parents for his problems. It's hard to combat the anti-vax crowd on Fox and elsewhere.	I thought they were pro-vaccination if I remember correctly.
I thought they were pro-vaccination if I remember correctly.	No he mentioned that in his rant. My mom had scarlet fever as a kid and was in the hospital for 2 years as a kid so he made sure we were first in line to get vaccines. The only US President with a PhD was Woodrow Wilson, we are kind of anit-elitest education too.
No he mentioned that in his rant. My mom had scarlet fever as a kid and was in the hospital for 2 years as a kid so he made sure we were first in line to get vaccines. The only US President with a PhD was Woodrow Wilson, we are kind of anit-elitest education too.	Interesting, who ranted?
Interesting, who ranted?	Some adult from his hospital bed covered in measles rash, he was trying to get people to vaccinate their kids so they didn't suffer his fate. I also see where Fox News dedicates 55% of their time for opinion, 45% to actual News. Maybe they should call it Fox Opinion?
Some adult from his hospital bed covered in measles rash, he was trying to get people to vaccinate their kids so they didn't suffer his fate. I also see where Fox News dedicates 55% of their time for opinion, 45% to actual News. Maybe they should call it Fox Opinion?	Interesting. Yeah, I think everyone knows Fox, MSNBC, CNN are all opinion channels.
Interesting. Yeah, I think everyone knows Fox, MSNBC, CNN are all opinion channels.	Yes, it kind of cordons off people into silo's with those who think the same. Speaking of radio, did you see where Bing Crosby filled over 50% of radio time in 1948. Given Balkanized internet era today, it be shocking if a single artist or person filled 1%.
Yes, it kind of cordons off people into silo's with those who think the same. Speaking of radio, did you see where Bing Crosby filled over 50% of radio time in 1948. Given Balkanized internet era today, it be shocking if a single artist or person filled 1%.	Did you know the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
Did you know the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?	Yes, actually I did and it makes me laugh every time I think of it. I see where Lincoln was the first President who inauguration was photographed and his killer John Wilkes Booth was in the picture. That kind of scary.
Yes, actually I did and it makes me laugh every time I think of it. I see where Lincoln was the first President who inauguration was photographed and his killer John Wilkes Booth was in the picture. That kind of scary.	Apparently that was his last name. Well, nice chatting with you.
Apparently that was his last name. Well, nice chatting with you.	Yes, pleasure was mine, have a good weekend yourself.
Yes, pleasure was mine, have a good weekend yourself.	You too!
You too!	Hello there, do you listen to the radio much?
Hello there, do you listen to the radio much?	Sometimes, I would say Im more into podcasts, but I hear that Jupiter has some strong radio storms that can be picked up on AM radio
Sometimes, I would say Im more into podcasts, but I hear that Jupiter has some strong radio storms that can be picked up on AM radio	Yeah isn't that awesome, those must be some crazy storms!
Yeah isn't that awesome, those must be some crazy storms!	How about you, what do you like to listen to on the radio
How about you, what do you like to listen to on the radio	I do, I recently found a good local station that I really like, lots of oldies.
I do, I recently found a good local station that I really like, lots of oldies.	Im not a fan of some of today' music, so I would agree with you there.. There is a website where you can listen to radio dramas for free, if you enjoy that sort of thing.
Im not a fan of some of today' music, so I would agree with you there.. There is a website where you can listen to radio dramas for free, if you enjoy that sort of thing.	Yeah I would totally agree there. And that is so cool, I bet there are so many hidden gems you could enjoy.
Yeah I would totally agree there. And that is so cool, I bet there are so many hidden gems you could enjoy.	There probably are, some like the Finnish station that has an entire broadcast in classical Latin, might be a bit hard to understand for most people. lol
There probably are, some like the Finnish station that has an entire broadcast in classical Latin, might be a bit hard to understand for most people. lol	I agree, I don't think too many people understand Latin these days, I know I wouldn't have any clue.
I agree, I don't think too many people understand Latin these days, I know I wouldn't have any clue.	Same here. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WW2
Same here. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WW2	No I don't, but it sounds very interesting. How did they do it?
No I don't, but it sounds very interesting. How did they do it?	They used a razorblade and a pencil as the diode. Pretty inventive.
They used a razorblade and a pencil as the diode. Pretty inventive.	That is very inventive and rather genius actually. I guess any kind of entertainment was cherished.
That is very inventive and rather genius actually. I guess any kind of entertainment was cherished.	It was probably also a good way for them to get their news.
It was probably also a good way for them to get their news.	That too for sure, on a different subject, do you watch fox news at all?
That too for sure, on a different subject, do you watch fox news at all?	I do not. I tend to find them a bit slanted in their views.
I do not. I tend to find them a bit slanted in their views.	I couldn't agree more, I didn't know how much more popular than the other networks they were though.
I couldn't agree more, I didn't know how much more popular than the other networks they were though.	It is kind of shocking. I think it is funny they threatened to sue the simpsons for how the parody them
It is kind of shocking. I think it is funny they threatened to sue the simpsons for how the parody them	That is too funny, and the fact that at one point they were considering starting an all simpsons channel!
That is too funny, and the fact that at one point they were considering starting an all simpsons channel!	I could get behind that, but likely only for a few days.
I could get behind that, but likely only for a few days.	I could, but only if they promised to only air the first 12 seasons or so, after that, no thank you.
I could, but only if they promised to only air the first 12 seasons or so, after that, no thank you.	I havent watched much of the recent stuff as I cut my cable almost 3 years ago.
I havent watched much of the recent stuff as I cut my cable almost 3 years ago.	I think you are like a lot of other people out there. Well it was nice talking, I hope you have a good day.
I think you are like a lot of other people out there. Well it was nice talking, I hope you have a good day.	I did not know that Fox News was so popular, more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
I did not know that Fox News was so popular, more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	Me too, I also did not know that Fox news threatened to sue The Simpsons. Even though it's a comedy cartoon, they took it seriously.
Me too, I also did not know that Fox news threatened to sue The Simpsons. Even though it's a comedy cartoon, they took it seriously.	Maybe they are more focused on a republican agenda than giving news. It was created by a republican strategist.
Maybe they are more focused on a republican agenda than giving news. It was created by a republican strategist.	That does not surprise me. Both sides are guilty of pushing their own agendas but it seems like the right-wing have been becoming more violent. There has been an uprise in antisemitism among the right-wing.
That does not surprise me. Both sides are guilty of pushing their own agendas but it seems like the right-wing have been becoming more violent. There has been an uprise in antisemitism among the right-wing.	Yeah, I did not know that those groups were targeting campuses to recruit.
Yeah, I did not know that those groups were targeting campuses to recruit.	Yeah, it's really bad because they are still young and impressionable. It seems like right-wing nationalism doesn't make sense since almost all Americans are foreigners. Some government officials perpetuate nationalism.
Yeah, it's really bad because they are still young and impressionable. It seems like right-wing nationalism doesn't make sense since almost all Americans are foreigners. Some government officials perpetuate nationalism.	I don't think making sense is important for those group, they are blaming Georges Soros for funding the immigrant caravan. It does not make any sense but it fits their agenda.
I don't think making sense is important for those group, they are blaming Georges Soros for funding the immigrant caravan. It does not make any sense but it fits their agenda.	That's true. They want to amplify right-wing nationalism and antisemitism but they want to be blameless if people become violent as a result of their agenda.
That's true. They want to amplify right-wing nationalism and antisemitism but they want to be blameless if people become violent as a result of their agenda.	That's their paradox, they promote violences and hatred, yet they don't want to be blamed, like want happened in Pittsburgh.
That's their paradox, they promote violences and hatred, yet they don't want to be blamed, like want happened in Pittsburgh.	Yeah, it seems like more people are becoming more radical. It's not rare to find a radical left-wing or radical right-wing on campuses as well.
Yeah, it seems like more people are becoming more radical. It's not rare to find a radical left-wing or radical right-wing on campuses as well.	And their rhetoric is more violent, the guy who the the Pittsburgh shooting did not become anti-semitic by himself. He was reading and listening to this stuff.
And their rhetoric is more violent, the guy who the the Pittsburgh shooting did not become anti-semitic by himself. He was reading and listening to this stuff.	True. Social media and certain news are responsible because they don't address complaints or disable accounts that engage in fear-mongering.
True. Social media and certain news are responsible because they don't address complaints or disable accounts that engage in fear-mongering.	There is that, but also, the president should take the leadership for those issues. Being the head of the state, those kind of problems should be his priority.
There is that, but also, the president should take the leadership for those issues. Being the head of the state, those kind of problems should be his priority.	Yes, the president has the authority to speak about these issues since the president is seen as the head of the government.
Yes, the president has the authority to speak about these issues since the president is seen as the head of the government.	It in the case of the US, the role of the president is not ceremonial, it is even more important.
It in the case of the US, the role of the president is not ceremonial, it is even more important.	The president's role is important even though sometimes people don't take the president seriously. Did you know the president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
The president's role is important even though sometimes people don't take the president seriously. Did you know the president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?	I think it was just the first president who was called like that. I don't think it caught on, even less after the introduction of the term "banana republic" which is derogatory.
I think it was just the first president who was called like that. I don't think it caught on, even less after the introduction of the term "banana republic" which is derogatory.	Oh yeah, it was just the first one. I also didn't know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. Imagine if the president did that here?
Oh yeah, it was just the first one. I also didn't know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. Imagine if the president did that here?	It would give him another source of revenue, so he could be the wealthiest president in history, beating JFK would please him I am sure.
It would give him another source of revenue, so he could be the wealthiest president in history, beating JFK would please him I am sure.	Yeah, and I'm sure the radio would play his music here and in Canada as well, despite their law in Canada about the radio playing Canadian music
Yeah, and I'm sure the radio would play his music here and in Canada as well, despite their law in Canada about the radio playing Canadian music	It would go in the 60% of foreign music. Thanks for the conversation.
It would go in the 60% of foreign music. Thanks for the conversation.	Hi! Do you follow politics?
Hi! Do you follow politics?	Mostly I do. Though I will admit, I get tired of all the bickering! How about you? Are you interested in congress and the President?
Mostly I do. Though I will admit, I get tired of all the bickering! How about you? Are you interested in congress and the President?	I tire of the bickering too. But I like to keep informed.
I tire of the bickering too. But I like to keep informed.	How do you feel about companies making comments on political issues? I don't like it too much but I guess it's okay if they are paying respect to some significant event.
How do you feel about companies making comments on political issues? I don't like it too much but I guess it's okay if they are paying respect to some significant event.	I think as long as they can be respectful or if it is a significant event it is fine. But it is slippery slope. The may lose support over it.
I think as long as they can be respectful or if it is a significant event it is fine. But it is slippery slope. The may lose support over it.	I am on social media but not on Twitter, too much. I really get tired of hearing the President and other 'leaders' taking shots at each other on Twitter. I wish they would talk less and act more1
I am on social media but not on Twitter, too much. I really get tired of hearing the President and other 'leaders' taking shots at each other on Twitter. I wish they would talk less and act more1	For real. It is like school yard gossip. Lets act like the adults we are.
For real. It is like school yard gossip. Lets act like the adults we are.	Maybe the way they did things in 1805 were better. If the first runner up gets to be VP, then maybe we would have a better spread of ideas and maybe a little more compromise. Things might get done!
Maybe the way they did things in 1805 were better. If the first runner up gets to be VP, then maybe we would have a better spread of ideas and maybe a little more compromise. Things might get done!	Can you imagine the freakshow Trump and Hillary would be together in the whitehosue?
Can you imagine the freakshow Trump and Hillary would be together in the whitehosue?	HaHaHa! That's a good point! Speaking of a show, it's fun that the President of Indonesia has released three pop albums, while he was President!
HaHaHa! That's a good point! Speaking of a show, it's fun that the President of Indonesia has released three pop albums, while he was President!	That is neat, it would be like Trump doing more Celebrity Apprentice.
That is neat, it would be like Trump doing more Celebrity Apprentice.	True, but during office! With all his endeavors, I would think he would have been the wealthiest President, but JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the top three. I"m sure that is figuring in inflation etc.
True, but during office! With all his endeavors, I would think he would have been the wealthiest President, but JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the top three. I"m sure that is figuring in inflation etc.	I agree. That is odd.
I agree. That is odd.	Where do you get your political news? Fox news seems to have more viewers that CNN or MSNBC.
Where do you get your political news? Fox news seems to have more viewers that CNN or MSNBC.	Dont laugh, but I get my news from facebook.
Dont laugh, but I get my news from facebook.	Oh, well, you are not alone there! I guess I just don't trust that much. Then again, I am pretty skeptical of all the media these days! Right? It's funny that Fox tried to stop the Simpsons from doing paradies of their supposed slanted coverage!
Oh, well, you are not alone there! I guess I just don't trust that much. Then again, I am pretty skeptical of all the media these days! Right? It's funny that Fox tried to stop the Simpsons from doing paradies of their supposed slanted coverage!	I know, I find that hilarious. They are the most slanted network, imo
I know, I find that hilarious. They are the most slanted network, imo	Well, it was created by a Republican media strategist and President Nixon. Can't get much more Republican than that!
Well, it was created by a Republican media strategist and President Nixon. Can't get much more Republican than that!	So true! It has been good chatting!
So true! It has been good chatting!	You as well. Have a great day and don't get discourage by all those tweets!
You as well. Have a great day and don't get discourage by all those tweets!	Have a good one!
Have a good one!	DO you like the Fox News channel?
DO you like the Fox News channel?	Hello, do you like to watch the news? More specifically Fox news?
Hello, do you like to watch the news? More specifically Fox news?	I do, its one of my favorite channel, its a subsidiary of the 21st century Fox
I do, its one of my favorite channel, its a subsidiary of the 21st century Fox	Sorry about that. I watch that channel also. I know it does its broadcast in New York City.
Sorry about that. I watch that channel also. I know it does its broadcast in New York City.	Yeah and in other 86 countries, its a really popular channel worldwide
Yeah and in other 86 countries, its a really popular channel worldwide	Funny thing about Fox is that they once thought about having a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons!
Funny thing about Fox is that they once thought about having a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons!	That sounds like a channel I would watch lol, the gaming site is owed by Fox
That sounds like a channel I would watch lol, the gaming site is owed by Fox	I would also like that channel! People love Fox news so much that it is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
I would also like that channel! People love Fox news so much that it is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	Wow both are really big networks, those are high numbers there
Wow both are really big networks, those are high numbers there	Yes they are! Do you listen to the radio at all?
Yes they are! Do you listen to the radio at all?	I do, I listen to the radio on my way to work, what about you?
I do, I listen to the radio on my way to work, what about you?	Yes I do, but there is also a website that you can go to listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas, for free.
Yes I do, but there is also a website that you can go to listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas, for free.	Do you have the link for that site? maybe I can find it using Google, I love my drama podcasts
Do you have the link for that site? maybe I can find it using Google, I love my drama podcasts	I would have to look for it, lol. In WW2 soldiers made simple radios using razor blades and a pencil as a diode! Some cool stuff there.
I would have to look for it, lol. In WW2 soldiers made simple radios using razor blades and a pencil as a diode! Some cool stuff there.	I bet that saved a lot of lifes back then, making radios out of meterials like that is really skillful.
I bet that saved a lot of lifes back then, making radios out of meterials like that is really skillful.	Yes that is! Do you follow much about the President?
Yes that is! Do you follow much about the President?	I dont, I try to stay away from politics specially since Trump took office.
I dont, I try to stay away from politics specially since Trump took office.	Yes he definitely isn't my favorite one either.
Yes he definitely isn't my favorite one either.	I wish he was a president like the one they have in Indonesia, a pop star + politic
I wish he was a president like the one they have in Indonesia, a pop star + politic	That would be hilarious if he released a pop album! The president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
That would be hilarious if he released a pop album! The president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.	It would, and really Banana? that hilarious!
It would, and really Banana? that hilarious!	Hi, how are you doing? Are you ready for a chat about news, radio, and the president?
Hi, how are you doing? Are you ready for a chat about news, radio, and the president?	Hello! Yes, I am! I am definitely interested in your thoughts about the President and where things are headed. on a lighter note, I learned something interesting today. Did you know that radio station translates solar activity into sound?... mind blown
Hello! Yes, I am! I am definitely interested in your thoughts about the President and where things are headed. on a lighter note, I learned something interesting today. Did you know that radio station translates solar activity into sound?... mind blown	I don't know who listens, or what kind of drug-induced state their minds are in.
I don't know who listens, or what kind of drug-induced state their minds are in.	haha, well I certainly don't because I never heard of it before but you can listen live to the sun's music. I think it's beautiful.
haha, well I certainly don't because I never heard of it before but you can listen live to the sun's music. I think it's beautiful.	The radio is certainly a well-established tech. I wonder if Trump is tuned in to stations that others can't hear. Trump is not one of the top three wealthiest presidents in US history. I wonder how he feels about that. Maybe he'll cook the books so that he can claim top slot! LOL.
The radio is certainly a well-established tech. I wonder if Trump is tuned in to stations that others can't hear. Trump is not one of the top three wealthiest presidents in US history. I wonder how he feels about that. Maybe he'll cook the books so that he can claim top slot! LOL.	No doubt about that and I totally agree with your take on Trump. How far we've come since the times of Lincoln! Did you know he was the first president to be Photographed for his inauguration? and John Wilkes was in that photo
No doubt about that and I totally agree with your take on Trump. How far we've come since the times of Lincoln! Did you know he was the first president to be Photographed for his inauguration? and John Wilkes was in that photo	JW Booth understood foreshadowing. He was setting up the drama for resolution and closure in the third act. Until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election became the VP. I think there is comedy gold to mine in that setup. Imagine Clinton and Trump battling it out in the Cabinet meetings every morning.
JW Booth understood foreshadowing. He was setting up the drama for resolution and closure in the third act. Until 1805, the runner up in a presidential election became the VP. I think there is comedy gold to mine in that setup. Imagine Clinton and Trump battling it out in the Cabinet meetings every morning.	Haha, That sounds like a reality show! haha anything to make money. He even made a book over a hundred years ago... LOL have you heard of Barrons Trumps Underground adventures? It's fascinating and mind boggling at this time in our world.
Haha, That sounds like a reality show! haha anything to make money. He even made a book over a hundred years ago... LOL have you heard of Barrons Trumps Underground adventures? It's fascinating and mind boggling at this time in our world.	Haven't heard of it. The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. Do we have a nickname for Trump yet? Does Barron have a nickname yet?
Haven't heard of it. The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. Do we have a nickname for Trump yet? Does Barron have a nickname yet?	I haven't taken the time to think about him more than I should. It's draining. I am interesting to see where Alexandria Ocasio Cortez will lead things. It looks like she is making movement. Now imagine how Mr President feels about that.
I haven't taken the time to think about him more than I should. It's draining. I am interesting to see where Alexandria Ocasio Cortez will lead things. It looks like she is making movement. Now imagine how Mr President feels about that.	Maybe he will come up with a nickname for her as well.
Maybe he will come up with a nickname for her as well.	Well Too bad we are not in Guatemala, did you know that relatives or former relatives cannot legally run for president? I cant imagine having him or anyone with the same mindset running again... It would of made a difference when it came to the days of Bush.
Well Too bad we are not in Guatemala, did you know that relatives or former relatives cannot legally run for president? I cant imagine having him or anyone with the same mindset running again... It would of made a difference when it came to the days of Bush.	The days of Clinton and Bush dynasties would end. The US president's guest house is larger than the White House. I'm sure that Trump can add a story or ten to the White House to match the size of his ego. Then put up a TRUMP sign and rent out suites to the highest bidder. I bet the Clintons would rent one out to spite him.
The days of Clinton and Bush dynasties would end. The US president's guest house is larger than the White House. I'm sure that Trump can add a story or ten to the White House to match the size of his ego. Then put up a TRUMP sign and rent out suites to the highest bidder. I bet the Clintons would rent one out to spite him.	Then I say we should start and make a change and enact that in the States in hopes it would make a difference in the world but I cannot be too gullible and fall for that. The change must come with all of us. It's just hard when we are all in our own little world and plans. We should all come together and organize. There are more of us than them haha
Then I say we should start and make a change and enact that in the States in hopes it would make a difference in the world but I cannot be too gullible and fall for that. The change must come with all of us. It's just hard when we are all in our own little world and plans. We should all come together and organize. There are more of us than them haha	True, but it seems that politicians are locked into their own fantasies. For example, Indonesia's president has released 3 pop albums while in office. This is the way to a successful musical career? Seems like a distraction.
True, but it seems that politicians are locked into their own fantasies. For example, Indonesia's president has released 3 pop albums while in office. This is the way to a successful musical career? Seems like a distraction.	distraction at its finest, it's what everything around us is. Do you still wonder why people prefer to listen to the suns music? To escape this crazy reality.
distraction at its finest, it's what everything around us is. Do you still wonder why people prefer to listen to the suns music? To escape this crazy reality.	Trump might end up making some music. Trump could collaborate with Kanye, or maybe Pitbull. The sun's music could trump Trump's music.
Trump might end up making some music. Trump could collaborate with Kanye, or maybe Pitbull. The sun's music could trump Trump's music.	Haha, He would "Fire" the Sun if he could for taking his spotlight and I think Kanye's dream would come true.
Haha, He would "Fire" the Sun if he could for taking his spotlight and I think Kanye's dream would come true.	Ha ha! Very true. Well, thanks for the chat! Have a good evening!
Ha ha! Very true. Well, thanks for the chat! Have a good evening!	Hey, Thank you. You too! it was fun :)
Hey, Thank you. You too! it was fun :)	Groovy, man!
Groovy, man!	peace
peace	hey did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 wealthiest presidents if you consider all of them?
hey did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 wealthiest presidents if you consider all of them?	Wow, that's interesting! I suppose that is something Sean Hannity of Fox News would know since his shows are all about the president!
Wow, that's interesting! I suppose that is something Sean Hannity of Fox News would know since his shows are all about the president!	ya it could be! did you know fox news was created by Presdient Nixon and his strategist Richard Ailes?
ya it could be! did you know fox news was created by Presdient Nixon and his strategist Richard Ailes?	Really! That is something I had no clue about....wow! And to think Fox NEWS is watched more than CNN or MSNBC
Really! That is something I had no clue about....wow! And to think Fox NEWS is watched more than CNN or MSNBC	ya that is wild, I can't believe they were going to sue the Simpsons, doesn't fox own the Simpsons? would they be suing themselves?
ya that is wild, I can't believe they were going to sue the Simpsons, doesn't fox own the Simpsons? would they be suing themselves?	That's what I thought too, haha very strange! It's like Fox news can't figue out if Sean Hannity is a journalist or not, lol crazy!
That's what I thought too, haha very strange! It's like Fox news can't figue out if Sean Hannity is a journalist or not, lol crazy!	haha that is funny, do you play videogames at all? I do, I didn't know that ign.com which is a videogame website is owned by fox news
haha that is funny, do you play videogames at all? I do, I didn't know that ign.com which is a videogame website is owned by fox news	I do play sometimes, but didn't know that! Seems Fox owns a lot of stuff
I do play sometimes, but didn't know that! Seems Fox owns a lot of stuff	it does seem like that, do you know that Trump isn't in the list of top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time?
it does seem like that, do you know that Trump isn't in the list of top 3 wealthiest presidents of all time?	I heard that and it sounds nuts, you would think he would be! President Trump is friends with Sean Hannity who has the show on Fox News I wonder if he ever knows or talks about Fox news fun facts haha!
I heard that and it sounds nuts, you would think he would be! President Trump is friends with Sean Hannity who has the show on Fox News I wonder if he ever knows or talks about Fox news fun facts haha!	ya I do wonder about that? I wonder if he ever had sean hannity at the guest house, which is apparently somehow bigger than the white house itself
ya I do wonder about that? I wonder if he ever had sean hannity at the guest house, which is apparently somehow bigger than the white house itself	I bet he has, supposedly the president is pretty close to Hannity. I wonder why the guest house is so big lol makes little sense.
I bet he has, supposedly the president is pretty close to Hannity. I wonder why the guest house is so big lol makes little sense.	ya I agree why wouldn't the president just stay there instead haha, also it would be funny if trump made a pop album while in office like the indonesian president did haha
ya I agree why wouldn't the president just stay there instead haha, also it would be funny if trump made a pop album while in office like the indonesian president did haha	Hahaha! That president had a lot of time on his hands! I wonder if they play his songs on the radio
Hahaha! That president had a lot of time on his hands! I wonder if they play his songs on the radio	haha ya I think trump would play his songs 24x7 in the white house, but who knows he's friends with kanye west maybe they could work together!
haha ya I think trump would play his songs 24x7 in the white house, but who knows he's friends with kanye west maybe they could work together!	Bahahahaaa, that's too too funny! The president would make an album with Kanye I am sure of it, lol....There was a president called president Banana....I wonder why.
Bahahahaaa, that's too too funny! The president would make an album with Kanye I am sure of it, lol....There was a president called president Banana....I wonder why.	ya I don't know, doesn't seem like a flattering name
ya I don't know, doesn't seem like a flattering name	Hahaha, so much doesn't make sense! Just like the media, either Fox News or Radio programs or CNN, you never know what is right lol I like to listen to the radio and sometimes BBC has a broadcast.
Hahaha, so much doesn't make sense! Just like the media, either Fox News or Radio programs or CNN, you never know what is right lol I like to listen to the radio and sometimes BBC has a broadcast.	ya I listen to the radio sometimes, I guess in wwii people figured out how to make a radio with only a pencil and razor, that seems crazy
ya I listen to the radio sometimes, I guess in wwii people figured out how to make a radio with only a pencil and razor, that seems crazy	Wow, that is genius! I want to find that a.m radio station that you can hear storm sounds from Jupiter....creepy!
Wow, that is genius! I want to find that a.m radio station that you can hear storm sounds from Jupiter....creepy!	ya I wonder what that sounds like! Although I would rather listen to that then the Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical latin 24x7 haha
ya I wonder what that sounds like! Although I would rather listen to that then the Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical latin 24x7 haha	haha! Very true! I would rather listen to Jupiter on the radio than watch Fox News hahaaa, We need more comedy in the world!
haha! Very true! I would rather listen to Jupiter on the radio than watch Fox News hahaaa, We need more comedy in the world!	haha I agree! either that or find the website that has thousands of classic radio dramas, that sounds good to me!
haha I agree! either that or find the website that has thousands of classic radio dramas, that sounds good to me!	Hilarious that Fox News tried to sue the Simpsons for parodying it. I suppose Ailes didn't understand the Streisand Effect, perhaps due to the fact that he's an older guy and not super familiar with the internet.
Hilarious that Fox News tried to sue the Simpsons for parodying it. I suppose Ailes didn't understand the Streisand Effect, perhaps due to the fact that he's an older guy and not super familiar with the internet.	Not a huge fan of Fox News. Even more surprising that they're more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.
Not a huge fan of Fox News. Even more surprising that they're more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.	Yeah, I don't like them. But their audience is disproportionately older, patriotic guys in the southwest- hopefully they'll be less of a prominent demographic in the coming years.
Yeah, I don't like them. But their audience is disproportionately older, patriotic guys in the southwest- hopefully they'll be less of a prominent demographic in the coming years.	Their audience is also largely republican, so not sure about that since there are many young republicans in the U.S.
Their audience is also largely republican, so not sure about that since there are many young republicans in the U.S.	Yeah, but not nearly as many as in the older generations. I saw an electoral map of how 2016 would've turned out with only Millennial voters, and it was almost solid blue except for a handful of states like Alabama and Utah.
Yeah, but not nearly as many as in the older generations. I saw an electoral map of how 2016 would've turned out with only Millennial voters, and it was almost solid blue except for a handful of states like Alabama and Utah.	That's reassuring. There are way more Trump supporters in the U.S. today than I'm personally comfortable with.
That's reassuring. There are way more Trump supporters in the U.S. today than I'm personally comfortable with.	My feelings exactly. Especially when the presidency has glommed onto so much unconstitutional power under both party administrations.
My feelings exactly. Especially when the presidency has glommed onto so much unconstitutional power under both party administrations.	Would agree 100%. I'm not a big fan of our president, but Indonesia's president seems cool. I guess that guy released 3 pop albums while in office!
Would agree 100%. I'm not a big fan of our president, but Indonesia's president seems cool. I guess that guy released 3 pop albums while in office!	I should Google that to see if they were any good.
I should Google that to see if they were any good.	I'm sure they're better than anything our president would put out!
I'm sure they're better than anything our president would put out!	He was accompanied by Lee Greenwood at CPAC -- plus the burnt steak, gilded baroque chairs, etc -- so his taste differs from mine significantly.
He was accompanied by Lee Greenwood at CPAC -- plus the burnt steak, gilded baroque chairs, etc -- so his taste differs from mine significantly.	Can you imagine turning on the radio and hearing your president singing?
Can you imagine turning on the radio and hearing your president singing?	In the current situation, I'd rather not. I suspect the figures about the three wealthiest presidents weren't updated for Trump.
In the current situation, I'd rather not. I suspect the figures about the three wealthiest presidents weren't updated for Trump.	Hmm, not sure. I think the wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Hmm, not sure. I think the wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Yeah, I saw that -- but I think those figures are outdated. I don't think any of them would've been billionaires even in today's dollars.
Yeah, I saw that -- but I think those figures are outdated. I don't think any of them would've been billionaires even in today's dollars.	Maybe the figures took inflation into account. Who knows? Although, a lot has changed in politics since the 17th and 18th centuries.
Maybe the figures took inflation into account. Who knows? Although, a lot has changed in politics since the 17th and 18th centuries.	Yeah, the funny thing is "president" was in use as the title for weak executives, at the time it was adopted in the US constitution.
Yeah, the funny thing is "president" was in use as the title for weak executives, at the time it was adopted in the US constitution.	How interesting. Did you know that in the early 19th century, the runner up of the election became the VP? Imagine a Trump/Clinton duo.
How interesting. Did you know that in the early 19th century, the runner up of the election became the VP? Imagine a Trump/Clinton duo.	Hopefully the administration would be too disorganized to do anything bad, LOL.
Hopefully the administration would be too disorganized to do anything bad, LOL.	The current administration is scary. I listen to the radio on my way into work every morning, and the things that I hear are so disturbing!
The current administration is scary. I listen to the radio on my way into work every morning, and the things that I hear are so disturbing!	Yeah, every day Twitter and my news feeds are full of horrible stuff. Hopefully his days are numbered. Nice chatting!
Yeah, every day Twitter and my news feeds are full of horrible stuff. Hopefully his days are numbered. Nice chatting!	Do you watch fox News?
Do you watch fox News?	I try not to, I find them a bit slanted.
I try not to, I find them a bit slanted.	Me too, Some hoe though they are watched more than msnbc and cnn combined.
Me too, Some hoe though they are watched more than msnbc and cnn combined.	I can see that, they are a bit more mainstream than the other two and the network also offers lots of diverse programming.
I can see that, they are a bit more mainstream than the other two and the network also offers lots of diverse programming.	Yup. You know Fox tried to sue the simpsons for parodying it's famous anti-democratic party agenda.
Yup. You know Fox tried to sue the simpsons for parodying it's famous anti-democratic party agenda.	Yeah, that is kind of funny. Too bad they didnt take the hint. LOL
Yeah, that is kind of funny. Too bad they didnt take the hint. LOL	Right! they also tried to create a channel exclusively for the Simpsons.
Right! they also tried to create a channel exclusively for the Simpsons.	That would be pretty cool, for a short period of time. It would be like one or two marathons and Id be done.
That would be pretty cool, for a short period of time. It would be like one or two marathons and Id be done.	Right, lol. Fox was created by two ppl named Richard. Do you know who they were?
Right, lol. Fox was created by two ppl named Richard. Do you know who they were?	I know one was Nixon, i believe.
I know one was Nixon, i believe.	Yup Richard Nixon and a guy named Richard Ailes who was a Republican Strategist.
Yup Richard Nixon and a guy named Richard Ailes who was a Republican Strategist.	Fox also owns IGN the gaming webiste
Fox also owns IGN the gaming webiste	Wow i didn't know that. I know they have an office in New York.
Wow i didn't know that. I know they have an office in New York.	It even reaches 86 countries!
It even reaches 86 countries!	I know right, with international broadcasts featuring Fox Extra segments during ad breaks.
I know right, with international broadcasts featuring Fox Extra segments during ad breaks.	Media sure is fascinating, especially how it can get information out there or just be for entertainment.
Media sure is fascinating, especially how it can get information out there or just be for entertainment.	Quick subject change. Do you still use the radio or are you like me everything digital, lol?
Quick subject change. Do you still use the radio or are you like me everything digital, lol?	Pretty much everything digital. Sometimes Ill use my car's radio. But thats about it, so I miss out on the news in Latin and other fun things like that.
Pretty much everything digital. Sometimes Ill use my car's radio. But thats about it, so I miss out on the news in Latin and other fun things like that.	Yeah i sure would like to hear what Jupiter's storms sound like since they can be picked up on AM radio.
Yeah i sure would like to hear what Jupiter's storms sound like since they can be picked up on AM radio.	That would be really cool! I teach music and I think that might be a great addition to my class.
That would be really cool! I teach music and I think that might be a great addition to my class.	Yeah your student would love it!! Did you know soldiers in WW2 made radio's out of pencils and razor blades? Cool right!
Yeah your student would love it!! Did you know soldiers in WW2 made radio's out of pencils and razor blades? Cool right!	That is amazing. I dont think I could manage that and I have all the technology here today!
That is amazing. I dont think I could manage that and I have all the technology here today!	Right they deem the name foxhole radio's. Surprise thats not a brand or something, lol!
Right they deem the name foxhole radio's. Surprise thats not a brand or something, lol!	Nope, because they were created in foxholes.
Nope, because they were created in foxholes.	Yeah your right. You know in Cananda 40% of music played on the radio has to be in house. I think that's cool. Preserve the culture some.
Yeah your right. You know in Cananda 40% of music played on the radio has to be in house. I think that's cool. Preserve the culture some.	If you can call Justin Beiber "culture" than sure. LOL. But it does give a chance to local artists.
If you can call Justin Beiber "culture" than sure. LOL. But it does give a chance to local artists.	Yeah your right about Beiber, to funny! Nice chatting with you!
Yeah your right about Beiber, to funny! Nice chatting with you!	Hi do you watch Fox news?
Hi do you watch Fox news?	Yes sometimes. Did you know they are owned by the same company that owns the IGN website?
Yes sometimes. Did you know they are owned by the same company that owns the IGN website?	I didn't know that. Fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.
I didn't know that. Fox news is watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.	That is insane. Do you know who is was created by?
That is insane. Do you know who is was created by?	I don't know. Who created it?
I don't know. Who created it?	It was Richard Nixon and Roger Ailes
It was Richard Nixon and Roger Ailes	Wow! Interesting. Fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons. That might have worked.
Wow! Interesting. Fox news corporation discussed the possibility of creating a cable channel that would only air the Simpsons. That might have worked.	Yes and at the same time they wanted to sue the show because they did a parody of their anti-democratic party agenda
Yes and at the same time they wanted to sue the show because they did a parody of their anti-democratic party agenda	Isn't that ironic? lol I thought they owned them. Do you know much about presidents?
Isn't that ironic? lol I thought they owned them. Do you know much about presidents?	I know that the three wealthiest ones are JFK, Washington and Jefferson
I know that the three wealthiest ones are JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Nice! The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
Nice! The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.	What a guy. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
What a guy. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	I don't know. What was he called?
I don't know. What was he called?	He was called President Banana
He was called President Banana	Hahaha The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.
Hahaha The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.	I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room
I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room	Yes. lol do you still listen to the radio?
Yes. lol do you still listen to the radio?	Yes I do. DId you know you can listen to Jupiter's storms in the AM radio?
Yes I do. DId you know you can listen to Jupiter's storms in the AM radio?	I didn't know that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free! It's been fun chatting!
I didn't know that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free! It's been fun chatting!	Same here, have a great one
Same here, have a great one	Have a great day!
Have a great day!	hey there do you ever watch Fox News?
hey there do you ever watch Fox News?	ya, I watch Fox New and MSNBC sometimes too. Do you?
ya, I watch Fox New and MSNBC sometimes too. Do you?	ya I will watch Fox news sometimes, I guess it is watched more than msnbc and cnn combined
ya I will watch Fox news sometimes, I guess it is watched more than msnbc and cnn combined	Oh, wow. I can believe it since Trump won the presidency this time. I know Fox was created by a republican.
Oh, wow. I can believe it since Trump won the presidency this time. I know Fox was created by a republican.	ya it was started by Richard Ailes and Also Richard Nixon apparently
ya it was started by Richard Ailes and Also Richard Nixon apparently	Oh, hmm? Okay, cool. The gaming site IGN is also owned by he news corp who owns Fox. I like gaming so that's an interesting cool fact.
Oh, hmm? Okay, cool. The gaming site IGN is also owned by he news corp who owns Fox. I like gaming so that's an interesting cool fact.	ya I like ign I didnt know that, very silly fox was going to sue the simpsons to stop them from making fun of them, like doesnt fox own the simpsons and also fox news
ya I like ign I didnt know that, very silly fox was going to sue the simpsons to stop them from making fun of them, like doesnt fox own the simpsons and also fox news	What a weird world we live in. In fact 81% of tv watchers receive Fox news. That is a really high percentage.
What a weird world we live in. In fact 81% of tv watchers receive Fox news. That is a really high percentage.	yes that is a ton, do you listen to radio at all? I think fox news is even on there as well
yes that is a ton, do you listen to radio at all? I think fox news is even on there as well	Yep, I listen to Fox on the radio too but more than that I listen to this really cool latin channel. Its been playing a classical latin program since 1989.
Yep, I listen to Fox on the radio too but more than that I listen to this really cool latin channel. Its been playing a classical latin program since 1989.	ah I'll have to check that out, can you understand latin? I think it's a Finnish radio station correct?
ah I'll have to check that out, can you understand latin? I think it's a Finnish radio station correct?	I am studying latin so I am trying to learn more any way I can. I also listen to a website that plays thousands of classic radio dramas.
I am studying latin so I am trying to learn more any way I can. I also listen to a website that plays thousands of classic radio dramas.	well I think Id rather listen to the radio waves of Jupiter than either of those haha
well I think Id rather listen to the radio waves of Jupiter than either of those haha	Oh, ya that would be super cool too. I was in Canada last year and they force the radio channels to play Canadian music 40% of the time. It was sort of odd.
Oh, ya that would be super cool too. I was in Canada last year and they force the radio channels to play Canadian music 40% of the time. It was sort of odd.	that is strange, I'm not familiar with Canadian music. I'd like to listen to Jupiter though
that is strange, I'm not familiar with Canadian music. I'd like to listen to Jupiter though	I really didn't like any of it and thought it was odd and uncomfortable. I was more interested in who was the president of the country or the history of Canada.
I really didn't like any of it and thought it was odd and uncomfortable. I was more interested in who was the president of the country or the history of Canada.	did you hear in latin who the top 3 richest presidents are by chance?
did you hear in latin who the top 3 richest presidents are by chance?	HAHA,,, actually, I bet its Trump, Clinton and Bush. That is my best guess, in english.lol
HAHA,,, actually, I bet its Trump, Clinton and Bush. That is my best guess, in english.lol	haha, well its actually jefferson, washington and jfk! Very strange that its not trump right, I don't know how to say that in Latin haha
haha, well its actually jefferson, washington and jfk! Very strange that its not trump right, I don't know how to say that in Latin haha	Yeah, Latin is harder than it seems.lol I bet we I could sign a pop song before I could speak in fluent latin.lol
Yeah, Latin is harder than it seems.lol I bet we I could sign a pop song before I could speak in fluent latin.lol	haha that could be the next big thing! instead of making pop songs like that indonesia president, do some latin ones, maybe a duet with Trump too!
haha that could be the next big thing! instead of making pop songs like that indonesia president, do some latin ones, maybe a duet with Trump too!	om studios at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Fox N
om studios at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Fox N	did you know that JFK was one of the three wealthiest Presidents in history? Washington and Jefferson were the other two.
did you know that JFK was one of the three wealthiest Presidents in history? Washington and Jefferson were the other two.	I wonder if ign is as conservative/liberal as Fox is supposed to beIs IGN as conservative/liberal as FOX is perceived to be
I wonder if ign is as conservative/liberal as Fox is supposed to beIs IGN as conservative/liberal as FOX is perceived to be	I don't know. A funny fact is that The first Preaident of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
I don't know. A funny fact is that The first Preaident of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.	Agreed. I didn't realize Indonesia was a country, thought it was just a grouping of countries.
Agreed. I didn't realize Indonesia was a country, thought it was just a grouping of countries.	I don't know any Geography. I heard the the guest house of the US President is bigger than the actual White House.
I don't know any Geography. I heard the the guest house of the US President is bigger than the actual White House.	Yes, I wonder how we can become guests. I like that the vp was the runner up, that's the way it should be now.
Yes, I wonder how we can become guests. I like that the vp was the runner up, that's the way it should be now.	I am a fox news fan, how about you? Fox news once considered starting an all Simpsons station.
I am a fox news fan, how about you? Fox news once considered starting an all Simpsons station.	I don't watch much tv. Do you know any dicator's called "president"?
I don't watch much tv. Do you know any dicator's called "president"?	No, I didn't. I did know that Fox news has more viewers than MSNBC and CNN combined.
No, I didn't. I did know that Fox news has more viewers than MSNBC and CNN combined.	Yes, a surprise. The prepresident seems to be a common way of governoring.
Yes, a surprise. The prepresident seems to be a common way of governoring.	i Know what you mean.
i Know what you mean.	Wonder if we've heard the Indonesian's songs on any of his 3 pop album?
Wonder if we've heard the Indonesian's songs on any of his 3 pop album?	No, he is a pop star??? Switching topics did you know that Radio storms on Jumpiter are so strong they can be heard on am radio?
No, he is a pop star??? Switching topics did you know that Radio storms on Jumpiter are so strong they can be heard on am radio?	No, I've never hear these and we only had am where I was growing up. I didn't grown up in Canada.
No, I've never hear these and we only had am where I was growing up. I didn't grown up in Canada.	I can't believe that by law in Canada, all radios must play at least 40% canadian muwic.
I can't believe that by law in Canada, all radios must play at least 40% canadian muwic.	Agreed. How do you make a radio with just a razor and a pencil?
Agreed. How do you make a radio with just a razor and a pencil?	I have no idea, I can't even hang a picture, lol. But I heard that's what they did in WW 2
I have no idea, I can't even hang a picture, lol. But I heard that's what they did in WW 2	Wonder where the website is that I can listen to the dramas?
Wonder where the website is that I can listen to the dramas?	No sure but there is a website where you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classic radio
No sure but there is a website where you can listen to 1000's of episodes of classic radio	Thank you for taking 10 turns. we are done.
Thank you for taking 10 turns. we are done.	Yes, thanks
Yes, thanks	Hi...do you listen to the radio?
Hi...do you listen to the radio?	I do, every day on my way to work but mostly music. I think it is cool there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free.
I do, every day on my way to work but mostly music. I think it is cool there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free.	Those are lots of fun...it's interesting to hear how things have changed, attitudes are different.
Those are lots of fun...it's interesting to hear how things have changed, attitudes are different.	True, radio is so amazing how it uses radio waves to transport information.
True, radio is so amazing how it uses radio waves to transport information.	Right...it almost seems like magic, music and words out of thin air...
Right...it almost seems like magic, music and words out of thin air...	Yes, I love listening to music and singing though. Did you know in Canada, radio stations must play 40% of music by Canadians? It is the law.
Yes, I love listening to music and singing though. Did you know in Canada, radio stations must play 40% of music by Canadians? It is the law.	Isn't that something? I guess it's a good idea..different countries have different rules and laws. In Finland, for example, there's a station that does a weekly news program in Latin....
Isn't that something? I guess it's a good idea..different countries have different rules and laws. In Finland, for example, there's a station that does a weekly news program in Latin....	That is cool. How about being able to hear radio storms from Jupiter radio because of how strong they are. Weird!
That is cool. How about being able to hear radio storms from Jupiter radio because of how strong they are. Weird!	You can hear that static sometimes...espcially on AM. Try to listen to a ballgame or other event on AM during a thunderstorm...
You can hear that static sometimes...espcially on AM. Try to listen to a ballgame or other event on AM during a thunderstorm...	AM is pretty different than FM. Do you listen to news channels?
AM is pretty different than FM. Do you listen to news channels?	Yes...there's a wide variety of viewpoints, ranging from very conservative to very liberal...kind of like Fox News, just for the ear.
Yes...there's a wide variety of viewpoints, ranging from very conservative to very liberal...kind of like Fox News, just for the ear.	Fox is the news channel I watch most. It is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
Fox is the news channel I watch most. It is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	Yeah, but they're kind of touchy...they wanted to sue The Simpsons, of all things, for making fun of them.
Yeah, but they're kind of touchy...they wanted to sue The Simpsons, of all things, for making fun of them.	Not surprised. They are pretty conservative too.
Not surprised. They are pretty conservative too.	True...they always have been, going back to their beginnings with Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon....
True...they always have been, going back to their beginnings with Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon....	I know. Kinda interesting a president had a part in it..a leader of a republican state.
I know. Kinda interesting a president had a part in it..a leader of a republican state.	Yes...you'd wonder how that would work.
Yes...you'd wonder how that would work.	Maybe he had the resources. The top wealthiest US presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.
Maybe he had the resources. The top wealthiest US presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and Washington.	Right...but since he has so many other duties, as head othe government, you'd wonder how he'd find time to do TV, too.
Right...but since he has so many other duties, as head othe government, you'd wonder how he'd find time to do TV, too.	It's funny that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
It's funny that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.	I suppose his job is more ceremonial..not sure if that's a parlimentary republic or what.
I suppose his job is more ceremonial..not sure if that's a parlimentary republic or what.	Not sure either. Here's a funny. The first president of Zimbabwe was President Banana.
Not sure either. Here's a funny. The first president of Zimbabwe was President Banana.	I wonder what his friends called him...and I suppose he was pretty 'appeel-ing'....
I wonder what his friends called him...and I suppose he was pretty 'appeel-ing'....	Good morning. Do you follow politics at all? I think the presidential election is an interesting time for our country.
Good morning. Do you follow politics at all? I think the presidential election is an interesting time for our country.	I do, it can very contentious, though. You always have to tread carefully when you talk presidents.
I do, it can very contentious, though. You always have to tread carefully when you talk presidents.	Exactly, good point. I am just glad we live in a democracy as opposed to a authoritarian regime with a dictator.
Exactly, good point. I am just glad we live in a democracy as opposed to a authoritarian regime with a dictator.	We should be grateful for what we have, especially compared to other. Whoever becomes President, it is only temporary. There will be another election.
We should be grateful for what we have, especially compared to other. Whoever becomes President, it is only temporary. There will be another election.	I totally agree. the first president of Zimbabwe's name was Banana!
I totally agree. the first president of Zimbabwe's name was Banana!	Is that where the term Banana Republic comes from? I see that in Guatemala they don't allow family of presidents to run, that would end both the Clinton's and Bush's
Is that where the term Banana Republic comes from? I see that in Guatemala they don't allow family of presidents to run, that would end both the Clinton's and Bush's	Maybe it does! Yes it would. Whereas in Indonesia the president seems to be focused on becoming the next justin beiber!
Maybe it does! Yes it would. Whereas in Indonesia the president seems to be focused on becoming the next justin beiber!	Maybe Justin Beider could run for President here, although he's Canadian isn't he? Maybe Justin Timberlake? We could do Presidential elections the way American Idol does.
Maybe Justin Beider could run for President here, although he's Canadian isn't he? Maybe Justin Timberlake? We could do Presidential elections the way American Idol does.	Yeah haha that might just work. Back in the day the runner up automatically became vice president. That changed in 1805.
Yeah haha that might just work. Back in the day the runner up automatically became vice president. That changed in 1805.	I can't see that working now, we'd have Trump and Clinton, I can't see that being a good working relationship.
I can't see that working now, we'd have Trump and Clinton, I can't see that being a good working relationship.	Lol could you imagine that! Fox news sure would go crazy over that. They actually once talked about creating a cable channel only airing the simpsons!
Lol could you imagine that! Fox news sure would go crazy over that. They actually once talked about creating a cable channel only airing the simpsons!	There are probably enough episodes. I try to avoid New Channels, all of them. With 24 hour news they don't have enough to talk about and repeat so much, and go over the same things with different people.
There are probably enough episodes. I try to avoid New Channels, all of them. With 24 hour news they don't have enough to talk about and repeat so much, and go over the same things with different people.	Yeah so repetitive. Fox news is a popular one though, watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.
Yeah so repetitive. Fox news is a popular one though, watched more than cnn and msnbc combined.	I typically listen to the radio. I find myself in the car a lot and have the radio going.
I typically listen to the radio. I find myself in the car a lot and have the radio going.	Oh nice. Radio is good as well but lots of commercials. If you like classic radio dramas there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.
Oh nice. Radio is good as well but lots of commercials. If you like classic radio dramas there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I wonder if any are any good. Good or not, it's better than listening the sounds of solar activity that one radio station plays.
I wonder if any are any good. Good or not, it's better than listening the sounds of solar activity that one radio station plays.	Haha oh yeah are you talking about when the radio picks up sound from Jupiter radio storms?
Haha oh yeah are you talking about when the radio picks up sound from Jupiter radio storms?	I guess there's one for Jupiter and one for solar activity. Whichever, I can't see many advertiser wanting to be on them. The other one I heard about was ventriloquism on the radio!
I guess there's one for Jupiter and one for solar activity. Whichever, I can't see many advertiser wanting to be on them. The other one I heard about was ventriloquism on the radio!	Oh wow how could that be an interesting radio show? Kind of sounds as abstract as having a show about Latin like they do in Finland.
Oh wow how could that be an interesting radio show? Kind of sounds as abstract as having a show about Latin like they do in Finland.	I think I could do ventriloquism on the radio. It's lie doing it on the stage but behind the curtain. I used to do Latin in high school, maybe I should check it out.
I think I could do ventriloquism on the radio. It's lie doing it on the stage but behind the curtain. I used to do Latin in high school, maybe I should check it out.	Yeah not a bad idea. I would also be interested to learn more about how the soldiers in WWII made a radio!
Yeah not a bad idea. I would also be interested to learn more about how the soldiers in WWII made a radio!	Hello there, are you a big listener of the radio?
Hello there, are you a big listener of the radio?	Hi, well I used to as a kid, I can't say that I listen to it anymore though, what about you?
Hi, well I used to as a kid, I can't say that I listen to it anymore though, what about you?	Yeah I still do, I found a new local station that plays lots of oldies, I listen when driving to and from work.
Yeah I still do, I found a new local station that plays lots of oldies, I listen when driving to and from work.	have you ever listened to Jupiter on the radio? I guess it has storms that you can pick up on AM radio
have you ever listened to Jupiter on the radio? I guess it has storms that you can pick up on AM radio	Yeah isn't that a crazy fact! Those must be some strong storms!
Yeah isn't that a crazy fact! Those must be some strong storms!	are you in Canada? I guess 40 percent of canadian radio is required by law to be canadian
are you in Canada? I guess 40 percent of canadian radio is required by law to be canadian	No I am not, but I don't think that I would like that law. I bet all the Canadian bands like it though.
No I am not, but I don't think that I would like that law. I bet all the Canadian bands like it though.	no the only ones I can think of are Justin Bieber and Celine Dion, sounds kind of horrible up there haha
no the only ones I can think of are Justin Bieber and Celine Dion, sounds kind of horrible up there haha	Yeah that is true, those are two examples, and I wouldn't be too thrilled if those were my choices.
Yeah that is true, those are two examples, and I wouldn't be too thrilled if those were my choices.	Have you heard about radios in WWII? In desperate times soldiers were able to make radios out of pencils and razorblades.
Have you heard about radios in WWII? In desperate times soldiers were able to make radios out of pencils and razorblades.	Yeah that is so cool that they were able to do that. Did you know there is a website where they have a ton of old radio dramas you can listen to for free?
Yeah that is so cool that they were able to do that. Did you know there is a website where they have a ton of old radio dramas you can listen to for free?	no I didn't I'll have to check that out, do you watch fox news? I guess they get more views than MSN and CNN combined
no I didn't I'll have to check that out, do you watch fox news? I guess they get more views than MSN and CNN combined	Wow, I would not have guessed that. I don't watch much fox news, I use CNBC quite a bit though. How about you?
Wow, I would not have guessed that. I don't watch much fox news, I use CNBC quite a bit though. How about you?	no I don't have cable so I don't watch any of it, but I do use the website ign.com, apparently fox news owns that haha
no I don't have cable so I don't watch any of it, but I do use the website ign.com, apparently fox news owns that haha	Yeah I think it is hard especially for younger people to find news that they know is honest and fair.
Yeah I think it is hard especially for younger people to find news that they know is honest and fair.	the other crazy thing about fox news is that one of its creators was Richard Nixon, I don't know about that haha
the other crazy thing about fox news is that one of its creators was Richard Nixon, I don't know about that haha	Really!? I would have never of guessed that. You learn something new everyday I guess.
Really!? I would have never of guessed that. You learn something new everyday I guess.	Have you ever visited the white house? Somehow the guest house to the white house is bigger than the white house itself.
Have you ever visited the white house? Somehow the guest house to the white house is bigger than the white house itself.	I think that is hilarious, I wonder what guests that come to stay think.
I think that is hilarious, I wonder what guests that come to stay think.	haha ya maybe Kanye who knows, what I don't like with fox news is they tried to sue the simpsons for making fun of them, that seems really petty
haha ya maybe Kanye who knows, what I don't like with fox news is they tried to sue the simpsons for making fun of them, that seems really petty	Yeah that is true, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one.
Yeah that is true, well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good one.	I did not know that Laura Ingraham was considered for white House Press Secretary. it seems she would make more money and be better off with her talk shows.
I did not know that Laura Ingraham was considered for white House Press Secretary. it seems she would make more money and be better off with her talk shows.	I believe she was an early supporter of Trumpism, I do not know if she still is.
I believe she was an early supporter of Trumpism, I do not know if she still is.	she most likely is due to her right wing ideology and remarks
she most likely is due to her right wing ideology and remarks	Well she is on Fox news which is apparently watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
Well she is on Fox news which is apparently watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	i'm glad to hear that. I know leftist liberals cringe at FOX News but they do provide a fair analysis of stories that are not really partisan. Some definintely are. Fox contemplated creating a channel just for the Simpsons alone.
i'm glad to hear that. I know leftist liberals cringe at FOX News but they do provide a fair analysis of stories that are not really partisan. Some definintely are. Fox contemplated creating a channel just for the Simpsons alone.	I don't know, I get tired of listening to Laura Ingraham and Ann Coulter and their anti-Clinton nonsense. They practically made themselves in the 1990s bashing the Clintons among others.
I don't know, I get tired of listening to Laura Ingraham and Ann Coulter and their anti-Clinton nonsense. They practically made themselves in the 1990s bashing the Clintons among others.	yes, that's why Fox News is so popular if you ask me. I like Bill Clinton, but Hillary is another story. Wasn't Richard Nixon a democrat? Fox News was created by him and Richard Ailes..
yes, that's why Fox News is so popular if you ask me. I like Bill Clinton, but Hillary is another story. Wasn't Richard Nixon a democrat? Fox News was created by him and Richard Ailes..	No Nixon was a Republican, he ran against Kennedy, a democrat, who was one of the top three wealthiest presidents in American history.
No Nixon was a Republican, he ran against Kennedy, a democrat, who was one of the top three wealthiest presidents in American history.	Right... i should have known that. The White House's guest house is bigger than the WH itself. funny...
Right... i should have known that. The White House's guest house is bigger than the WH itself. funny...	In 1805 they changed it but Hillary Clinton would be Donald Trump;s vice president because the runnerup became the Vice President haha.
In 1805 they changed it but Hillary Clinton would be Donald Trump;s vice president because the runnerup became the Vice President haha.	oh boy.. that would have been a disaster. Trump seems to be finding his way in that regards too.
oh boy.. that would have been a disaster. Trump seems to be finding his way in that regards too.	Well maybe one of them could work on making a pop album instead like the President of Indonesia did who actually released three!
Well maybe one of them could work on making a pop album instead like the President of Indonesia did who actually released three!	that's unreal. the president could be a pop star and idolized. one way to bring the country together.
that's unreal. the president could be a pop star and idolized. one way to bring the country together.	Yes radio is still a strong medium though I don't know if I could handle a news program entirely in Latin like 'Nuntuu Latini' which is broadcast in Finland.
Yes radio is still a strong medium though I don't know if I could handle a news program entirely in Latin like 'Nuntuu Latini' which is broadcast in Finland.	I'd rather tune into AM and listen to the radio storms from Jupoiter. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up here on Earth on AM radio.
I'd rather tune into AM and listen to the radio storms from Jupoiter. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up here on Earth on AM radio.	Well it makes sense since their frequency and amplitude could affect the oscillating fields even though they are million of miles away.
Well it makes sense since their frequency and amplitude could affect the oscillating fields even though they are million of miles away.	sounds like you know a thing or 2 about radio waves. WW2 soldiers made radios out of razor blades and a pencil
sounds like you know a thing or 2 about radio waves. WW2 soldiers made radios out of razor blades and a pencil	Ah yes, foxhole radios. Well electromagnetic energy is everywhere, it can travel through space so why couldn't it carry information?
Ah yes, foxhole radios. Well electromagnetic energy is everywhere, it can travel through space so why couldn't it carry information?	it does so and very well. digital signals are made by shifitng phase and amplitude. pretty cool stuff. each shift translateds into a 1 or 0 in the bits of the information fields.
it does so and very well. digital signals are made by shifitng phase and amplitude. pretty cool stuff. each shift translateds into a 1 or 0 in the bits of the information fields.	Yes all binary, just like computers. Luckily there are websites that have archived thousands of radio dramas and share them for free.
Yes all binary, just like computers. Luckily there are websites that have archived thousands of radio dramas and share them for free.	agree. crazy how much they can compress into radio waves now. soon 5G will be able to transmit at Gigabit speeds over the air. In Canada they have to play 40%of the music that is Canadian. by law...
agree. crazy how much they can compress into radio waves now. soon 5G will be able to transmit at Gigabit speeds over the air. In Canada they have to play 40%of the music that is Canadian. by law...	Well good for Canada, nothing wrong with promoting themselves.
Well good for Canada, nothing wrong with promoting themselves.	hi, do you know much about presidents?
hi, do you know much about presidents?	hey, I know a little bit, can you guess the top 3 richest presidents?
hey, I know a little bit, can you guess the top 3 richest presidents?	i think it was jefferson, washington and jfk
i think it was jefferson, washington and jfk	yup you're right, I would have thought trump would be in there, what about you?
yup you're right, I would have thought trump would be in there, what about you?	yeah but I guess we have to consider inflation
yeah but I guess we have to consider inflation	ya I think thats what happened, do you think its weird that the president of zimbabwe is named president banana?
ya I think thats what happened, do you think its weird that the president of zimbabwe is named president banana?	yeah, i wonder if that means something in their language
yeah, i wonder if that means something in their language	ya good question, I think he should pull a President of Indonesia and make some pop albums while in office haha
ya good question, I think he should pull a President of Indonesia and make some pop albums while in office haha	hahhaa maybe they should.do you listen to the radio much?
hahhaa maybe they should.do you listen to the radio much?	I do sometimes ya, did you hear you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio?
I do sometimes ya, did you hear you can pick up Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio?	I need to tune in and try to catch tat to see what it sounds
I need to tune in and try to catch tat to see what it sounds	haha ya it seems like it would be more interesting than the 1989 radio station that broadcasts in latin though haha
haha ya it seems like it would be more interesting than the 1989 radio station that broadcasts in latin though haha	haha I know. I wonder how many listeners they have really. do you know how soldiers made radios during WWII?
haha I know. I wonder how many listeners they have really. do you know how soldiers made radios during WWII?	I guess they used pencils and razorblades to make foxhole radios, seems crazy to me!
I guess they used pencils and razorblades to make foxhole radios, seems crazy to me!	I know, like what channels did they even catch with those
I know, like what channels did they even catch with those	nope I have no idea how that works, would you listen to radio dramas for free? I guess they have those online
nope I have no idea how that works, would you listen to radio dramas for free? I guess they have those online	Yes that is nice for those who are interested in that. have you listened to a canadian radio channel before?
Yes that is nice for those who are interested in that. have you listened to a canadian radio channel before?	I havent but I heard that they are required to play 40% canadian content, sounds horrible to me haha
I havent but I heard that they are required to play 40% canadian content, sounds horrible to me haha	hahah I don't know there are quite a few canadian musicians making a mark nowadays
hahah I don't know there are quite a few canadian musicians making a mark nowadays	give me some examples, I only know Bieber, Celine Dion, and Rush haha
give me some examples, I only know Bieber, Celine Dion, and Rush haha	Alessia Cara, Neon Dreams and some other. nice chatting with you
Alessia Cara, Neon Dreams and some other. nice chatting with you	Have you heard about the March for Our Lives?
Have you heard about the March for Our Lives?	I have heard of it. I think it was in response to a shooting that happened in Florida correct?
I have heard of it. I think it was in response to a shooting that happened in Florida correct?	Yes, that's right. Some of the young people feel like their voices are being left out because of their political views.
Yes, that's right. Some of the young people feel like their voices are being left out because of their political views.	Yep I could see that. And yes apparently a gunman killed 17 people in South Florida. I can see how that would really shake a community and that you would want to do a March for that reason
Yep I could see that. And yes apparently a gunman killed 17 people in South Florida. I can see how that would really shake a community and that you would want to do a March for that reason	A conservative student thought that he wasn't chosen because he speaks more calmly, and because he is not anti gun.
A conservative student thought that he wasn't chosen because he speaks more calmly, and because he is not anti gun.	Talking about gun violence is depressing, on a different note how often do you listen to the radio?
Talking about gun violence is depressing, on a different note how often do you listen to the radio?	I don't really listen to the radio except on commutes. How about you?
I don't really listen to the radio except on commutes. How about you?	Yeah I don't really listen to the radio either. I mostly listen to YouTube when I'm in the car. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storm? And that you can actually listen to them on your AM radio? Maybe I'll do that on my next road trip hahaha
Yeah I don't really listen to the radio either. I mostly listen to YouTube when I'm in the car. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storm? And that you can actually listen to them on your AM radio? Maybe I'll do that on my next road trip hahaha	Haha, sounds fun. It doesn't appeal to me to listen to classic radio dramas but if that is your thing there is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a weekly program in classical Latin.
Haha, sounds fun. It doesn't appeal to me to listen to classic radio dramas but if that is your thing there is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a weekly program in classical Latin.	Yes neither of those appeals to me either. I'd probably be more interested in listening to the Jupiter radios haha oh, by the way have you heard of something called a foxhole radio?
Yes neither of those appeals to me either. I'd probably be more interested in listening to the Jupiter radios haha oh, by the way have you heard of something called a foxhole radio?	Yes, that is what soldiers used to use right?
Yes, that is what soldiers used to use right?	Yes it is, they would use it in World War II, it was made out of a pencil and a razor blade. Don't ask me how that's possible though haha
Yes it is, they would use it in World War II, it was made out of a pencil and a razor blade. Don't ask me how that's possible though haha	I know, right, such ingenuity. In Canada all radios have to play at least 40 percent of music that is Canadian in origin. I didn't even know there was that much Canadian music....no offense, if you are Canadian!
I know, right, such ingenuity. In Canada all radios have to play at least 40 percent of music that is Canadian in origin. I didn't even know there was that much Canadian music....no offense, if you are Canadian!	Haha nope I was going to say, I don't know of any good Canadian music so it sounds like Canadian radio would be pretty horrible LOL on a separate note who do you think are the top three most wealthy presidents that the United States has had
Haha nope I was going to say, I don't know of any good Canadian music so it sounds like Canadian radio would be pretty horrible LOL on a separate note who do you think are the top three most wealthy presidents that the United States has had	JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I guess that accounts for inflation!
JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I guess that accounts for inflation!	Yes it must be taking inflation into account! shocked that Trump isn't on there though, but who knows maybe president banana of Zimbabwe is up there too haha
Yes it must be taking inflation into account! shocked that Trump isn't on there though, but who knows maybe president banana of Zimbabwe is up there too haha	Well I'd feel rich enough if I was ever invited to be a guest in the white house's guest house! It's bigger than the white house!
Well I'd feel rich enough if I was ever invited to be a guest in the white house's guest house! It's bigger than the white house!	Yes isn't that weird! You think that it would be the opposite haha. Do you think we should go back to the old election rules? The ones that happened before 1805?
Yes isn't that weird! You think that it would be the opposite haha. Do you think we should go back to the old election rules? The ones that happened before 1805?	Where the runner up became vice president? Hmmm...that would be interesting but probably not the best idea, haha!
Where the runner up became vice president? Hmmm...that would be interesting but probably not the best idea, haha!	No I think that would be really weird haha. Imagine you'd have President Trump and then also vice president Hillary Clinton. I can only imagine the drama that would go on, it would make for good TV but not real life haha
No I think that would be really weird haha. Imagine you'd have President Trump and then also vice president Hillary Clinton. I can only imagine the drama that would go on, it would make for good TV but not real life haha	Exactly. Did you watch any election news on Fox News?
Exactly. Did you watch any election news on Fox News?	I have seen Fox News before. What I didn't know is that they own this website I visit all the time. The website is ign.com. That's definitely a shock to me because it's a video game website
I have seen Fox News before. What I didn't know is that they own this website I visit all the time. The website is ign.com. That's definitely a shock to me because it's a video game website	Do you follow the NFL?
Do you follow the NFL?	I usually follow during the playoffs and the Super Bowl.
I usually follow during the playoffs and the Super Bowl.	I follow my local team all season and the same with the playoffs and superbowl.
I follow my local team all season and the same with the playoffs and superbowl.	I wonder whether the NFL will ever allow women to play. There is no rule against their participation.
I wonder whether the NFL will ever allow women to play. There is no rule against their participation.	I heard that before. I think it will be really cool if someone did!
I heard that before. I think it will be really cool if someone did!	The first NFL playoff in 1932 took place on an 80-yard long dirt field. Not exactly regulation size.
The first NFL playoff in 1932 took place on an 80-yard long dirt field. Not exactly regulation size.	Wow, I'm sure it wasn't the most level field too!
Wow, I'm sure it wasn't the most level field too!	What do you think of the NE Patriots?
What do you think of the NE Patriots?	I think they will make a run yet again this playoffs. Did you know the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
I think they will make a run yet again this playoffs. Did you know the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual gameplay.	That sounds about right. They need a lot of time for commercials on TV. I wonder how the players make per minute.
That sounds about right. They need a lot of time for commercials on TV. I wonder how the players make per minute.	Yeah and for all the players to go downfield after a big play, move the chains, etc. Crazy to think about that though.
Yeah and for all the players to go downfield after a big play, move the chains, etc. Crazy to think about that though.	The NFL uses tracking chips to follow players. A lot of the time the players are just standing and waiting.
The NFL uses tracking chips to follow players. A lot of the time the players are just standing and waiting.	I have heard that, I know they use a lot of sensors for the helmets for safety too.
I have heard that, I know they use a lot of sensors for the helmets for safety too.	The concussion issue still hasn't been resolved to my satisfaction. The league makes money off the players. They should be protected from long-term harm.
The concussion issue still hasn't been resolved to my satisfaction. The league makes money off the players. They should be protected from long-term harm.	I agree, I think it's something that needs to be addressed more strongly.
I agree, I think it's something that needs to be addressed more strongly.	The New England Patriots have done well in the Super Bowl. I wonder how much longer the dynasty will last.
The New England Patriots have done well in the Super Bowl. I wonder how much longer the dynasty will last.	Yeah last years' super bowl was crazy! I wonder what this year will be like.
Yeah last years' super bowl was crazy! I wonder what this year will be like.	I like really close games. The comeback last year made for a great SuperBowl. I didn't care who won or lost. It was fun to watch.
I like really close games. The comeback last year made for a great SuperBowl. I didn't care who won or lost. It was fun to watch.	Yeah I totally agree, I hope it's close again. I'm like that with most sports, even when I play them in rec leagues.
Yeah I totally agree, I hope it's close again. I'm like that with most sports, even when I play them in rec leagues.	The close games bring out the best performances in players.
The close games bring out the best performances in players.	Exactly, and it's best for the audience as well. Well it was nice talking with you.
Exactly, and it's best for the audience as well. Well it was nice talking with you.	Do follow the NFL?
Do follow the NFL?	I do! Do you like the patriots?
I do! Do you like the patriots?	I do like them yeah, they are my favorite team in fact, do you?
I do like them yeah, they are my favorite team in fact, do you?	I definitely respect them as a team. Have you heard about the bills super bowl record compared to the patriots?
I definitely respect them as a team. Have you heard about the bills super bowl record compared to the patriots?	No I didnt know the teams had a record in common, what is it?
No I didnt know the teams had a record in common, what is it?	The bills are equal to the patriots in super bowl losses.
The bills are equal to the patriots in super bowl losses.	Oh thats interesting so the Patriots also share the record of the most won Superbowls with the steelers, cool to know that other fact as well
Oh thats interesting so the Patriots also share the record of the most won Superbowls with the steelers, cool to know that other fact as well	Have you heard what the game of thrones author called the patriots?
Have you heard what the game of thrones author called the patriots?	No, what does George R.R. Martin call the Pats?
No, what does George R.R. Martin call the Pats?	He calls them the lannisters of the nfl.
He calls them the lannisters of the nfl.	Thats funny and also makes a lot of sense, the Pats have dominated the league for a while now.
Thats funny and also makes a lot of sense, the Pats have dominated the league for a while now.	Did you see the end of the super bowl 46?
Did you see the end of the super bowl 46?	Not sure, could be what happened towards the end of it? did the Patriots play?
Not sure, could be what happened towards the end of it? did the Patriots play?	The patriots let the giants score a touchdown.
The patriots let the giants score a touchdown.	Why would they do that? did the Patriots win that Superbowl I think I missed that one
Why would they do that? did the Patriots win that Superbowl I think I missed that one	The giants involuntarily scored but won anyway.
The giants involuntarily scored but won anyway.	I see, I bet it was a tight game. do you like Bill Belichick as a coach
I see, I bet it was a tight game. do you like Bill Belichick as a coach	Yes, did you hear about his record for postseason?
Yes, did you hear about his record for postseason?	Yeah with 21 wins, that is really impressive 20 with the Pats and 1 with the Browns
Yeah with 21 wins, that is really impressive 20 with the Pats and 1 with the Browns	Yes, winningest coach in nfl postseason football.
Yes, winningest coach in nfl postseason football.	And the reason the Patriots do so well, him and Tom Brady both strong reasons of the team's success.
And the reason the Patriots do so well, him and Tom Brady both strong reasons of the team's success.	I agree. It was nice talking to you.
I agree. It was nice talking to you.	Did you know who Rob Gronkowski is?
Did you know who Rob Gronkowski is?	I personally do not know him but he is a football player for the Patriots team.
I personally do not know him but he is a football player for the Patriots team.	Yep. Apparently he was complaining on a local sports talk radio show. He believes the patriots don't have enough offensive weapons.
Yep. Apparently he was complaining on a local sports talk radio show. He believes the patriots don't have enough offensive weapons.	There inlays the problem with sports; it is not one team one fight moreover it is a bunch of people trying to standout for the better on themselves and not the better of the team in question.
There inlays the problem with sports; it is not one team one fight moreover it is a bunch of people trying to standout for the better on themselves and not the better of the team in question.	That may be true. But is seems like his brother Chris knows what he's talking about. He played in the NFL for 3 years as well.
That may be true. But is seems like his brother Chris knows what he's talking about. He played in the NFL for 3 years as well.	Even as his brother plays in the same sport I feel he too is looking for the light to shine on him and him alone, not so much as on the entire team. if one player plays bad then the team as a whole must compensate. they should all be portrayed as equals no mater the position.
Even as his brother plays in the same sport I feel he too is looking for the light to shine on him and him alone, not so much as on the entire team. if one player plays bad then the team as a whole must compensate. they should all be portrayed as equals no mater the position.	I suppose that is true. Although Chris did say once Julian Edelman comes back things should get better. That is pretty good praise.
I suppose that is true. Although Chris did say once Julian Edelman comes back things should get better. That is pretty good praise.	I agree a good praise; however again; that is shining the light on one player along to carry the team when in fact it should be a team effort to carry the ball not just one player.
I agree a good praise; however again; that is shining the light on one player along to carry the team when in fact it should be a team effort to carry the ball not just one player.	The NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we will ever see one?
The NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we will ever see one?	A female player just has to meet the requirements to play.
A female player just has to meet the requirements to play.	I actually agree. Apparently Saints cheerleaders can not go to the same restaurants as NFL players.
I actually agree. Apparently Saints cheerleaders can not go to the same restaurants as NFL players.	I find that disturbing as it is a free country, they should be free to choose when as well as where they want to eat despite the location holding an NFL player at the time they choose to go to the same location.
I find that disturbing as it is a free country, they should be free to choose when as well as where they want to eat despite the location holding an NFL player at the time they choose to go to the same location.	I agree. Even though the NFL is so rich, an average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than an average nfl player.
I agree. Even though the NFL is so rich, an average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than an average nfl player.	I feel that riches are the personal choice or lack there of of any individual no matter the field in which one works. Living within one's means can prove that.
I feel that riches are the personal choice or lack there of of any individual no matter the field in which one works. Living within one's means can prove that.	Do you ever listen to the radio?
Do you ever listen to the radio?	On occasion I have listened to the radio. I usually listen when I am doing household chore's or running on the beach.
On occasion I have listened to the radio. I usually listen when I am doing household chore's or running on the beach.	I also listen when i exercise. I've heard that soldiers in WW2 made radios using just razorblades and pencils as the diode. I am not that creative!
I also listen when i exercise. I've heard that soldiers in WW2 made radios using just razorblades and pencils as the diode. I am not that creative!	I as well as not that creative but feel the out of need creativity is born. WW2 soldiers used what they had available to accomadate their needs at the time.
I as well as not that creative but feel the out of need creativity is born. WW2 soldiers used what they had available to accomadate their needs at the time.	Canadian Radio is different than American it seems. There is a Canadian law that requires stations to play at least 40% Canadian music. Not sure I like that.
Canadian Radio is different than American it seems. There is a Canadian law that requires stations to play at least 40% Canadian music. Not sure I like that.	I would have to agree; I would think it would be up to thew listener to make the music selections on his or her personal radio. In turn, leads me to wonder how that law would be enforced is one is using such things as head phones?
I would have to agree; I would think it would be up to thew listener to make the music selections on his or her personal radio. In turn, leads me to wonder how that law would be enforced is one is using such things as head phones?	I have no idea. I do think the law is a great overstep however.
I have no idea. I do think the law is a great overstep however.	I agree!! Personal selection is personal choice of one's personal space as well as environment.
I agree!! Personal selection is personal choice of one's personal space as well as environment.	Freedom is great!
Freedom is great!	Good evening! Happy holidays! Did you know that Jupiter has strong radio storms? They can be picked up on AM radio.
Good evening! Happy holidays! Did you know that Jupiter has strong radio storms? They can be picked up on AM radio.	Happy holiday. No, I did not know about that Jupiter radio storm. But it was an amazing incident
Happy holiday. No, I did not know about that Jupiter radio storm. But it was an amazing incident	It's actually an on-going natural phenomenon. I plan to listen for them on AM radio.
It's actually an on-going natural phenomenon. I plan to listen for them on AM radio.	I will definitely try to listen at least once to see what sounds coming form the Jupiter. Hahaha
I will definitely try to listen at least once to see what sounds coming form the Jupiter. Hahaha	Yeah, I'm going to look for recordings of it. Did you know that Canada requires 40% of the music played on its radio stations to be Canadian?
Yeah, I'm going to look for recordings of it. Did you know that Canada requires 40% of the music played on its radio stations to be Canadian?	that is ridiculous. I am not surprised that their broadcasting business will not survive in this today open market
that is ridiculous. I am not surprised that their broadcasting business will not survive in this today open market	Maybe. I wonder if they also apply that to online radio services.
Maybe. I wonder if they also apply that to online radio services.	For that one, I am not so sure. Did you know that soldiers in WWI used razorblade and pencils to make simple radios
For that one, I am not so sure. Did you know that soldiers in WWI used razorblade and pencils to make simple radios	Yes! I want to try that. I wonder what the sound quality was like.
Yes! I want to try that. I wonder what the sound quality was like.	I think the sound is very basic and plain. But it worked. Hahaha
I think the sound is very basic and plain. But it worked. Hahaha	Yes, and imagine the effects - helping people to keep going while fighting a war.
Yes, and imagine the effects - helping people to keep going while fighting a war.	I concur. Did you watch football by any chance
I concur. Did you watch football by any chance	No, but I read about it sometimes. Did you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live game play?
No, but I read about it sometimes. Did you know that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live game play?	Yeah, it is way too short considering the whole game lasts at least 3 to 4 hours. Also, what do you think about women playing football
Yeah, it is way too short considering the whole game lasts at least 3 to 4 hours. Also, what do you think about women playing football	I think it's great and I was recently surprised to find out that the NFL technically allows it.
I think it's great and I was recently surprised to find out that the NFL technically allows it.	that shocked me too because the game is very violent and men are often suffered tragic injuries. I am wondering how much of terrible injuries could happen to female players
that shocked me too because the game is very violent and men are often suffered tragic injuries. I am wondering how much of terrible injuries could happen to female players	Probably about the same. Did you know that, on average, engineers make more money than NFL players? Going by lifetime earnings, not per year.
Probably about the same. Did you know that, on average, engineers make more money than NFL players? Going by lifetime earnings, not per year.	Yeah, i know about this fact. Because of a very short career lifespan due to injury, I am not surprised to know about this fact.
Yeah, i know about this fact. Because of a very short career lifespan due to injury, I am not surprised to know about this fact.	I heard the NFL is now using chips embedded in shoulder pads to track players' moves. I wonder if they could use the data gathered from this to study injuries and reduce the rates.
I heard the NFL is now using chips embedded in shoulder pads to track players' moves. I wonder if they could use the data gathered from this to study injuries and reduce the rates.	I think these chips are very helpful to the game in term of officiating and improving the game in the future in term of technical issues like players' speed, acceleration, and the likes.
I think these chips are very helpful to the game in term of officiating and improving the game in the future in term of technical issues like players' speed, acceleration, and the likes.	Yes. I wonder what kinds of data they're currently collecting and how they're using it. There are so many possibilities there.
Yes. I wonder what kinds of data they're currently collecting and how they're using it. There are so many possibilities there.	Exactly. Btw, nice chatting with you. Enjoy your holiday
Exactly. Btw, nice chatting with you. Enjoy your holiday	You too!
You too!	bye
bye	Have a good holiday season!
Have a good holiday season!	you too
you too	The Bills and the Patriots have the same number of Super Bowl losses.
The Bills and the Patriots have the same number of Super Bowl losses.	Hello, what is you favorite NFL team>
Hello, what is you favorite NFL team>	The New England Patriots, have you ever heard of Rob Gronkowski?
The New England Patriots, have you ever heard of Rob Gronkowski?	Mine is also the New England Patriots. I have heard of him, wasn't his brother called to complain about the Patriots recievers?
Mine is also the New England Patriots. I have heard of him, wasn't his brother called to complain about the Patriots recievers?	Haha yes he did. I think that's really awkward, I can't believe Chris Gronkowski actually brought that up on the radio LOL
Haha yes he did. I think that's really awkward, I can't believe Chris Gronkowski actually brought that up on the radio LOL	Haha. Speaking of radios, did you know that canadian radios must play at least 40% canadian music?
Haha. Speaking of radios, did you know that canadian radios must play at least 40% canadian music?	No I didn't know that. I also want to know how to create a foxhole radio, they would make them in World War II, have you heard about these?
No I didn't know that. I also want to know how to create a foxhole radio, they would make them in World War II, have you heard about these?	I did not. Interesting. A finnish radio station in 1989 conducted a news program entirely in classical latin. I wonder how many people could understand that!
I did not. Interesting. A finnish radio station in 1989 conducted a news program entirely in classical latin. I wonder how many people could understand that!	Yeah I don't know why they would do that in Finland haha. What do you think about the website that has thousands of classic radio dramas you can listen to online? Have you tried that
Yeah I don't know why they would do that in Finland haha. What do you think about the website that has thousands of classic radio dramas you can listen to online? Have you tried that	I have not although I should try that out. The author of game of thrones called the new england patriots the lannisters of the NFL. I wonder why
I have not although I should try that out. The author of game of thrones called the new england patriots the lannisters of the NFL. I wonder why	Well if you've ever seen the show, you would know that the Lannisters are the bad guys so I take it he does not like the Patriots LOL
Well if you've ever seen the show, you would know that the Lannisters are the bad guys so I take it he does not like the Patriots LOL	I agree. The Patriots's headquarters is at Gillette Stadium. The names of these stadiums clearly need work!
I agree. The Patriots's headquarters is at Gillette Stadium. The names of these stadiums clearly need work!	Yep I agree, I miss the days before corporate sponsors ruined all of the stadium names LOL. I never knew that the Patriots were in the AFC Conference though
Yep I agree, I miss the days before corporate sponsors ruined all of the stadium names LOL. I never knew that the Patriots were in the AFC Conference though	Yep. The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots when it comes to super bowl losses.
Yep. The Buffalo Bills are equal to the Patriots when it comes to super bowl losses.	That is funny but also sad. Did you know that the NFL actually does not have a policy against female players though
That is funny but also sad. Did you know that the NFL actually does not have a policy against female players though	Really? I guess no feminists can complain there! The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action. I wonder why it is cherished by so many!
Really? I guess no feminists can complain there! The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action. I wonder why it is cherished by so many!	Yeah I wondered about that too. I personally think that football is really boring haha. Did you know that an engineer will make more over their lifetime than a NFL player
Yeah I wondered about that too. I personally think that football is really boring haha. Did you know that an engineer will make more over their lifetime than a NFL player	Furthermore, a professional bowler could earn twice the amount that an NFL player does back in the 1980s!
Furthermore, a professional bowler could earn twice the amount that an NFL player does back in the 1980s!	I think it was the sixties but that's still impressive! Why do you think that cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players though? That makes me mad
I think it was the sixties but that's still impressive! Why do you think that cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players though? That makes me mad	I agree, because I am assuming that the cheerleaders will not cause a lot of ruckus compared to the NFL players!
I agree, because I am assuming that the cheerleaders will not cause a lot of ruckus compared to the NFL players!	Haha maybe right about that. I'm just shocked that they put tracking chips on the players on the field, I don't know how it would help to know how fast a ball is rotating LOL
Haha maybe right about that. I'm just shocked that they put tracking chips on the players on the field, I don't know how it would help to know how fast a ball is rotating LOL	I guess it tracks how much the players run in a game or something. I wonder how they got the chip inside the football to track its velocity!
I guess it tracks how much the players run in a game or something. I wonder how they got the chip inside the football to track its velocity!	That's a good point! I wonder if it affects how balls are thrown actually
That's a good point! I wonder if it affects how balls are thrown actually	Are a fan of the NFL?
Are a fan of the NFL?	Hi, yes I like the NFL very much!! i love the Denver Broncos!! Ma favorite of the 32 teams!
Hi, yes I like the NFL very much!! i love the Denver Broncos!! Ma favorite of the 32 teams!	How do you feel about the Patriots?
How do you feel about the Patriots?	I like them too. Hope to watch them at the gillette stadium sometimes!!
I like them too. Hope to watch them at the gillette stadium sometimes!!	They're definitely a better team than the Bills. The only thing they really have in common is the same number of Super Bowl losses
They're definitely a better team than the Bills. The only thing they really have in common is the same number of Super Bowl losses	wow what a coincidence!Did you know there is a rocket scientist as a coach of the NFL!!
wow what a coincidence!Did you know there is a rocket scientist as a coach of the NFL!!	That's impressive. It would also be impressive to see a female player one day since there's no rule against it
That's impressive. It would also be impressive to see a female player one day since there's no rule against it	They could if they meet the requirements!!
They could if they meet the requirements!!	It's only eleven minutes of live gameplay, so it can't be that bad, right?
It's only eleven minutes of live gameplay, so it can't be that bad, right?	But the whole game is fun! Talking about the patriots they had the first German that turned us citizen in the NFL
But the whole game is fun! Talking about the patriots they had the first German that turned us citizen in the NFL	Well, I don't know if you're familiar with Game of Thrones, but the author dubbed them the Lannisters of the NFL
Well, I don't know if you're familiar with Game of Thrones, but the author dubbed them the Lannisters of the NFL	I am a little bit familiar with game of thrones, not too much... I do like how tracking chips are used to get info from players
I am a little bit familiar with game of thrones, not too much... I do like how tracking chips are used to get info from players	It helps with keeping track of stats, that's for sure. I wonder if the engineers who thought of that get paid more than the players
It helps with keeping track of stats, that's for sure. I wonder if the engineers who thought of that get paid more than the players	For sure, but I guess they have to work many more years! Do you like to listen to the radio?
For sure, but I guess they have to work many more years! Do you like to listen to the radio?	I don't, but it would be neat to find the website that has classic radio dramas you can listen to for free
I don't, but it would be neat to find the website that has classic radio dramas you can listen to for free	I would love to.. be familiar with what people used to listen to before! did you know there is a station that broadcasts "sun"music?
I would love to.. be familiar with what people used to listen to before! did you know there is a station that broadcasts "sun"music?	Do you know if it's AM or FM? I know that sometimes AM can pick up radio storms from Jupiter
Do you know if it's AM or FM? I know that sometimes AM can pick up radio storms from Jupiter	Sounds like this would be AM also! This station transforms solar activity into sound.. incredible
Sounds like this would be AM also! This station transforms solar activity into sound.. incredible	That would be about as easy to understand as the station in Finland that still broadcasts a new program in classical Latin
That would be about as easy to understand as the station in Finland that still broadcasts a new program in classical Latin	Wow, do people really listen to Latin today? Remember the hanson's?
Wow, do people really listen to Latin today? Remember the hanson's?	Enough for a station to still broadcast it. I actually don't remember them
Enough for a station to still broadcast it. I actually don't remember them	They had a song that became the most popular in an alternative station because they did not revealed the band's name!.. well good chat.... have a good one
They had a song that became the most popular in an alternative station because they did not revealed the band's name!.. well good chat.... have a good one	Hi. Are you a fan of the NFl? Did you know, I heard recently that they don't have any written rules against women playing the game. I wonder if women will play in the future.
Hi. Are you a fan of the NFl? Did you know, I heard recently that they don't have any written rules against women playing the game. I wonder if women will play in the future.	Hi! Yes! I didn't know that. I'm a huge Giants fan but i love Gronk. I would kill my brother if he called to complain about my job though to a radio station!
Hi! Yes! I didn't know that. I'm a huge Giants fan but i love Gronk. I would kill my brother if he called to complain about my job though to a radio station!	Did that happen? What did he say when he complained? And yeah, by the way, i would kill my brother too!
Did that happen? What did he say when he complained? And yeah, by the way, i would kill my brother too!	I'm not sure but sounds crazy and he should know better, he played football too for Dallas!
I'm not sure but sounds crazy and he should know better, he played football too for Dallas!	The brother played football for Dallas? He should definitely know better then. The Patriots are a winning team. What could he complain about?
The brother played football for Dallas? He should definitely know better then. The Patriots are a winning team. What could he complain about?	Agreed! But people get so passionate about football which is funny because the average game only has 11 minutes of play time! Poeple spend way more time researching and talking about it.
Agreed! But people get so passionate about football which is funny because the average game only has 11 minutes of play time! Poeple spend way more time researching and talking about it.	That is definitely true! The NFL itself spends more time researching. I mean, they've got tracking chips in each players shoulder pads to record movements on the field.
That is definitely true! The NFL itself spends more time researching. I mean, they've got tracking chips in each players shoulder pads to record movements on the field.	That's pretty smart!! i didn't know footballs had them as well, must make coaching and planning plays much better and easier.
That's pretty smart!! i didn't know footballs had them as well, must make coaching and planning plays much better and easier.	Or complicated. Can you imagine having to go over data from footballs, shoulder pads, previous games, the players themselves, etc before you can make a game plan?
Or complicated. Can you imagine having to go over data from footballs, shoulder pads, previous games, the players themselves, etc before you can make a game plan?	That's true. I guess i've never played football. My best friend was a cheer leader though. It's funny that the Saints' cheerleaders cannot eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player and even have to leave
That's true. I guess i've never played football. My best friend was a cheer leader though. It's funny that the Saints' cheerleaders cannot eat at the same restaurant as any NFL player and even have to leave	You know I've heard about that and I have to agree. I think that is a very outdated rule. If anything, they should make it where the second to arrive has to leave regardless of whether it's a player or cheerleader.
You know I've heard about that and I have to agree. I think that is a very outdated rule. If anything, they should make it where the second to arrive has to leave regardless of whether it's a player or cheerleader.	I agree!! Do you watch football? I hate the Patriots as a team but i do love game of thrones. It's funny that the author calls them the lannisters of the nfl.
I agree!! Do you watch football? I hate the Patriots as a team but i do love game of thrones. It's funny that the author calls them the lannisters of the nfl.	I do watch foot ball and I too hate the Patriots. I know Bill Belichick is the winningest coach in postseason but to me he is also the one that cheats the most.
I do watch foot ball and I too hate the Patriots. I know Bill Belichick is the winningest coach in postseason but to me he is also the one that cheats the most.	I hate him passionately. I'm a huge Giants fan and i still don't fully follow the super bowl 46 story of the giants not wanting to score
I hate him passionately. I'm a huge Giants fan and i still don't fully follow the super bowl 46 story of the giants not wanting to score	I've never heard about that. I am a Cowboys fan myself. Hey, did you know that even though the patriots have a bunch of wins they are tied with the Buffalo Bills for super bowl losses?
I've never heard about that. I am a Cowboys fan myself. Hey, did you know that even though the patriots have a bunch of wins they are tied with the Buffalo Bills for super bowl losses?	no but that's so funnY!! do you ever listen to games on the radio? I only do when im driving really
no but that's so funnY!! do you ever listen to games on the radio? I only do when im driving really	I do when i have to go somewhere I don't want to miss what's happening. Radios are pretty handy. I've heard you can hear storms on Jupiter on them but I don't know how to do it.
I do when i have to go somewhere I don't want to miss what's happening. Radios are pretty handy. I've heard you can hear storms on Jupiter on them but I don't know how to do it.	I didn't know that! Canada requires that at least 40% of music be canadian, i ddnt even know there was that much music from canada!
I didn't know that! Canada requires that at least 40% of music be canadian, i ddnt even know there was that much music from canada!	I think it's weird they'd have to have a law about it. I wonder if the U.S. has a law about music on the radio. I do wish they could be more educational like a radio station in Finland. It broadcasts a weekly news program in latin.
I think it's weird they'd have to have a law about it. I wonder if the U.S. has a law about music on the radio. I do wish they could be more educational like a radio station in Finland. It broadcasts a weekly news program in latin.	I agree. There is a wesbite where you can download 1000s of classic radio dramas for free, maybe you could find more educational ones on a site like that
I agree. There is a wesbite where you can download 1000s of classic radio dramas for free, maybe you could find more educational ones on a site like that	I would like to. I love some of the old radio dramas!
I would like to. I love some of the old radio dramas!	Hi, do you like football?
Hi, do you like football?	Sometimes I watch it on TV.
Sometimes I watch it on TV.	Okay. Do you know amazon jungle was greatest rainforest?
Okay. Do you know amazon jungle was greatest rainforest?	Interesting. I used to watch a lot of nature shows on TV. They sometimes did travels to the amazon. I prefer to watch stuff like The Simpsons and Saturday Night Live now.
Interesting. I used to watch a lot of nature shows on TV. They sometimes did travels to the amazon. I prefer to watch stuff like The Simpsons and Saturday Night Live now.	Okay. 427 mammals, 1300 birds, 378 reptiles and sloths are live in the amazon rainforest.
Okay. 427 mammals, 1300 birds, 378 reptiles and sloths are live in the amazon rainforest.	Wow you know a lot about the amazon. Do you know if there are any monkeys there? I only ask because my favorite group is the Arctic Monkeys. I was really mad when Kanye talked too long on Jimmy Kimmel's show and they couldn't perform!
Wow you know a lot about the amazon. Do you know if there are any monkeys there? I only ask because my favorite group is the Arctic Monkeys. I was really mad when Kanye talked too long on Jimmy Kimmel's show and they couldn't perform!	Yeah, Monkey was in the amazon jungle. The amazon rainforest covers 2,100,000 squire miles.
Yeah, Monkey was in the amazon jungle. The amazon rainforest covers 2,100,000 squire miles.	That's a really big area. Would you know what countries that covers? Curious if it covers Guatemala. Read something recently that close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president there.
That's a really big area. Would you know what countries that covers? Curious if it covers Guatemala. Read something recently that close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president there.	The amazon rainforest covering much of northwester, brazil and extending into Colombia, Peru and other south American countries.
The amazon rainforest covering much of northwester, brazil and extending into Colombia, Peru and other south American countries.	Know if there are any sharks? Another one of my favorite shows is "Shark Tank." Though it doesn't really have animal sharks. :) Was a little bummed to learn that most of the deals made on that show are never enacted.
Know if there are any sharks? Another one of my favorite shows is "Shark Tank." Though it doesn't really have animal sharks. :) Was a little bummed to learn that most of the deals made on that show are never enacted.	Okay. Do you know the big cat are live in the amazon jungle?
Okay. Do you know the big cat are live in the amazon jungle?	Big cats huh? How about foxes? Sorry, I'm such a television junkie. Everything goes back to TV. I was just thinking of Fox and Friends, Donald Trump's favorite show.
Big cats huh? How about foxes? Sorry, I'm such a television junkie. Everything goes back to TV. I was just thinking of Fox and Friends, Donald Trump's favorite show.	Yes, foxes are live in the amazon jungle.
Yes, foxes are live in the amazon jungle.	Maybe Trump would like the Amazon as well. Ha! Think I'd watch a show with Trump in the Amazon Jungle. Better than watching him talk on and on and on, on that Fox and Friends show. Do you think her could survive in the Amazon?
Maybe Trump would like the Amazon as well. Ha! Think I'd watch a show with Trump in the Amazon Jungle. Better than watching him talk on and on and on, on that Fox and Friends show. Do you think her could survive in the Amazon?	Maybe., He did. You like movies?
Maybe., He did. You like movies?	Oh, I love movies. Anything to get away from Trump's crazy antics and watching superfans like Diamond and Silk
Oh, I love movies. Anything to get away from Trump's crazy antics and watching superfans like Diamond and Silk	I don't like trump. I like action movies.
I don't like trump. I like action movies.	I love action movies too! We don't get to go to the theatre much anymore though. Mostly watch movie on the television. Hate that the advertising interrupts everything though.
I love action movies too! We don't get to go to the theatre much anymore though. Mostly watch movie on the television. Hate that the advertising interrupts everything though.	Okay. I like mission impossible movie.
Okay. I like mission impossible movie.	I like that movie too! Ha, "Mission Impossible" is what I'd call the next 2 years of Trump's presidency. It'll impossible for me not to get irritated! What other movies do you like?
I like that movie too! Ha, "Mission Impossible" is what I'd call the next 2 years of Trump's presidency. It'll impossible for me not to get irritated! What other movies do you like?	I like day after tomorrow movie. Because it was awesome movie.
I like day after tomorrow movie. Because it was awesome movie.	Ah, a disaster movie. Never realized how many connections to Trump you could make off of movies. I personally think his administration is a DISASTER. Ha ha! Think it's often times stranger than fiction. Aren't there some action movies about the white house as well?
Ah, a disaster movie. Never realized how many connections to Trump you could make off of movies. I personally think his administration is a DISASTER. Ha ha! Think it's often times stranger than fiction. Aren't there some action movies about the white house as well?	Okay. You like action movies?
Okay. You like action movies?	Yup, enjoy action movies. But I like listening to music as well. You listen to Kanye West? His music's ok. I just can't stand his support of Trump!
Yup, enjoy action movies. But I like listening to music as well. You listen to Kanye West? His music's ok. I just can't stand his support of Trump!	I like romantic and rap songs.
I like romantic and rap songs.	Ah so maybe you do like Kanye? Nice talking to you.
Ah so maybe you do like Kanye? Nice talking to you.	What is your favorite sport? Mine is either Basketball or Football.
What is your favorite sport? Mine is either Basketball or Football.	Same. Although I do tend to like baseball as well. In fact, I follow Riverside High's baseball team and appreciate what Coach Sam Plank has done last year going 24-4 and starting off 8-1 this year!
Same. Although I do tend to like baseball as well. In fact, I follow Riverside High's baseball team and appreciate what Coach Sam Plank has done last year going 24-4 and starting off 8-1 this year!	Really! That's insane!Did you know that air jordans were banned when they were introduced to the NBA?
Really! That's insane!Did you know that air jordans were banned when they were introduced to the NBA?	Is that so? I wonder why? I also know that Spencer Haywood refused to accept an original offer from Nike that would have been worth $8.62 billion in Nike holdings today!
Is that so? I wonder why? I also know that Spencer Haywood refused to accept an original offer from Nike that would have been worth $8.62 billion in Nike holdings today!	That is a lot of money! Speaking of money, a person called Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement which is worth $32 million by today!
That is a lot of money! Speaking of money, a person called Allen Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement which is worth $32 million by today!	Wow! That must be nice! You know, it's sad knowing 60% of all NBA players go broke five years into retirement. But I'm sure Iverson will never have that problem.
Wow! That must be nice! You know, it's sad knowing 60% of all NBA players go broke five years into retirement. But I'm sure Iverson will never have that problem.	only five years? That is pretty quick. Did you know that Physicists have proved that the Granny style is the best technique when shooting?
only five years? That is pretty quick. Did you know that Physicists have proved that the Granny style is the best technique when shooting?	I wonder why more players don't try that style? Since we're talking about sports, do you watch baseball? I've always wanted to see a player catch a ball with his hat but apparently the opposing team receives three bases if that happens.
I wonder why more players don't try that style? Since we're talking about sports, do you watch baseball? I've always wanted to see a player catch a ball with his hat but apparently the opposing team receives three bases if that happens.	I do watch some baseball. Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are allowed to play for their team. I believe that that is the only sport that allows that!
I do watch some baseball. Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are allowed to play for their team. I believe that that is the only sport that allows that!	Wow! I didn't know that. Now it makes sense. Ha! Hey I also didn't know until recently that a 17 year old female successfully struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig and was actually banned from baseball because of that. That is sad as she could have been a legend!
Wow! I didn't know that. Now it makes sense. Ha! Hey I also didn't know until recently that a 17 year old female successfully struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig and was actually banned from baseball because of that. That is sad as she could have been a legend!	That is pretty sad. Physicists have proven that Granny shots are more effective than regular ones!
That is pretty sad. Physicists have proven that Granny shots are more effective than regular ones!	That's very interesting! Tell you something else that's crazy in baseball, approximately 160,000 baseballs are used in a typical season. That's a lot of balls!
That's very interesting! Tell you something else that's crazy in baseball, approximately 160,000 baseballs are used in a typical season. That's a lot of balls!	That is a lot! A very lucky person found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards. Now that is what you call a lot of luck!
That is a lot! A very lucky person found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards. Now that is what you call a lot of luck!	No kidding. I need to go on a hunt for baseball cards, then. Ha! Wonder if they found any from when the Cubs won back to back World Series. It's crazy they haven't won another world series since then!
No kidding. I need to go on a hunt for baseball cards, then. Ha! Wonder if they found any from when the Cubs won back to back World Series. It's crazy they haven't won another world series since then!	I know, crazy right? In Canada, kickball is also known as soccer-baseball.
I know, crazy right? In Canada, kickball is also known as soccer-baseball.	Ha! That's funny. Wonder what they call football? Speaking of which, did you know the very first NFL playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field in the Chicago Stadium back in 1932?
Ha! That's funny. Wonder what they call football? Speaking of which, did you know the very first NFL playoff game was played on an 80 yard long dirt field in the Chicago Stadium back in 1932?	Wow, a dirt field? It must have been very dirty. And not very sanitary.
Wow, a dirt field? It must have been very dirty. And not very sanitary.	Agreed. Especially back then. Heck, the players didn't even have chips in their shoulder pads that records their every move like they do these days!
Agreed. Especially back then. Heck, the players didn't even have chips in their shoulder pads that records their every move like they do these days!	The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of game play. I wonder why so many people enjoy watching the players do absolutely nothing for a few hours.
The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of game play. I wonder why so many people enjoy watching the players do absolutely nothing for a few hours.	That's a good point. Ha! Maybe they should hire another rocket scientist to coach like they did with Matt Patricia. He was an Aeronautical engineer beforehand.
That's a good point. Ha! Maybe they should hire another rocket scientist to coach like they did with Matt Patricia. He was an Aeronautical engineer beforehand.	Really, I wonder why he wanted to become an NFL coach. There is no rule written against females playing in the NFL!
Really, I wonder why he wanted to become an NFL coach. There is no rule written against females playing in the NFL!	That's surprising. Can't believe no one has drafted a female player yet! Wonder if the same rules apply to the NBA? Then again, considering they actually fined Stan Van Gundy for simply saying they shouldn't play games in Christmas day, there's no telling. Well it was great chatting with you today! Have a great day!
That's surprising. Can't believe no one has drafted a female player yet! Wonder if the same rules apply to the NBA? Then again, considering they actually fined Stan Van Gundy for simply saying they shouldn't play games in Christmas day, there's no telling. Well it was great chatting with you today! Have a great day!	Do you like Baseball?
Do you like Baseball?	I do like baseball! How about you?
I do like baseball! How about you?	Very much! I am actually in a Fantasy Baseball League
Very much! I am actually in a Fantasy Baseball League	Oh really? That's cool! I don't get into baseball that much but I do like it and the NBA.
Oh really? That's cool! I don't get into baseball that much but I do like it and the NBA.	Not an NBA fan at all! Who's your favorite baseball team?
Not an NBA fan at all! Who's your favorite baseball team?	My fav baseball team would my home team which is Az Diamondbacks. And your favorite is?
My fav baseball team would my home team which is Az Diamondbacks. And your favorite is?	That's cool.. Philadelphia Phillies is mine
That's cool.. Philadelphia Phillies is mine	Cool! There are a lot of great teams in the NFL. Sometimes it is tough to choose lol.
Cool! There are a lot of great teams in the NFL. Sometimes it is tough to choose lol.	That's true! 32 teams all together!
That's true! 32 teams all together!	Right! And it's crazy that during a game there is actually only 11 minutes of live game play!
Right! And it's crazy that during a game there is actually only 11 minutes of live game play!	That is one of the craziest thing ever! LOL you watch football?
That is one of the craziest thing ever! LOL you watch football?	I do if it is Az Cardinal's lol, not much time to follow any of the sports.
I do if it is Az Cardinal's lol, not much time to follow any of the sports.	It is time consuming!
It is time consuming!	Definitely! But I do try and catch the superbowl every year. But the NBA is what I choose to watch the most.
Definitely! But I do try and catch the superbowl every year. But the NBA is what I choose to watch the most.	Yeah... this past superbowl was aweful though! So who is your NBA team?
Yeah... this past superbowl was aweful though! So who is your NBA team?	You are right! The superbowl didn't hold my attention this year. I have to say fav NBA team is the Phoenix Suns.
You are right! The superbowl didn't hold my attention this year. I have to say fav NBA team is the Phoenix Suns.	Oh right... i forgot about that team!
Oh right... i forgot about that team!	Haha, I know they are not the best but I am a loyal fan to my home team! Do you have a favorite basketball team?
Haha, I know they are not the best but I am a loyal fan to my home team! Do you have a favorite basketball team?	Loyalty is very important! If i was to cheer for a team it would be the sixers.
Loyalty is very important! If i was to cheer for a team it would be the sixers.	Very nice! Did you know the NBA has the highest paid athlete's out of NFL or NBA....CRAZY!
Very nice! Did you know the NBA has the highest paid athlete's out of NFL or NBA....CRAZY!	That is crazy... and one of the easiest sports if you ask me?
That is crazy... and one of the easiest sports if you ask me?	Definitely, but ya gotta have the best cardio for basketball....great shape is key.
Definitely, but ya gotta have the best cardio for basketball....great shape is key.	True... wonder if they have tracking devices like the nfl does?
True... wonder if they have tracking devices like the nfl does?	Hmmm, that is a good question! Or if Baseball has the tracking devices for speed.
Hmmm, that is a good question! Or if Baseball has the tracking devices for speed.	Very true... well, good chat!
Very true... well, good chat!	Hello! Do you watch football at all?
Hello! Do you watch football at all?	Yes I love watching football I am sad that the season is over. I wish there were less ads on NFL games though and more actual live gameplay.
Yes I love watching football I am sad that the season is over. I wish there were less ads on NFL games though and more actual live gameplay.	I do too. However, there is only actually 11 minutes of live gameplay!
I do too. However, there is only actually 11 minutes of live gameplay!	Yeah very surprising. The NFL also tracks its players with chips in the shoulder pad and the ball even too!
Yeah very surprising. The NFL also tracks its players with chips in the shoulder pad and the ball even too!	Yes I think the ball is tracked in terms of velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Yes I think the ball is tracked in terms of velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.	That's cool. Wonder what they use that info for? I would love to see a girl play at some point since it is allowed!
That's cool. Wonder what they use that info for? I would love to see a girl play at some point since it is allowed!	I would too! Do you watch the NBA at all?
I would too! Do you watch the NBA at all?	Yep every once in a while. I always found it odd that the raptors are the only canadian team.
Yep every once in a while. I always found it odd that the raptors are the only canadian team.	I do too. My favorite player was Tim Duncan. He sacrificed money and fame by getting his degree first!
I do too. My favorite player was Tim Duncan. He sacrificed money and fame by getting his degree first!	Yeah what a boss. Smart guy. Iverson made a ton of money with Reebok-must be nice! Get paid for what you love!
Yeah what a boss. Smart guy. Iverson made a ton of money with Reebok-must be nice! Get paid for what you love!	He has a lifetime endorsement with Reebok. That man is made for life!
He has a lifetime endorsement with Reebok. That man is made for life!	Yeah 32 million at 55? Not too shabby!
Yeah 32 million at 55? Not too shabby!	Not shabby at all! Air Jordan's were once banned in the NBA. I wonder how much money he lost on that one.
Not shabby at all! Air Jordan's were once banned in the NBA. I wonder how much money he lost on that one.	Yeah good question. It can't have been all that much if Nike was willing to pick up the tab.
Yeah good question. It can't have been all that much if Nike was willing to pick up the tab.	Well they have a bunch of money to cover it haha. I didn't know baseball was so popular in Japan.
Well they have a bunch of money to cover it haha. I didn't know baseball was so popular in Japan.	Yeah I remember Ichiro was extremely popular when he started. I also didn't realize baseball cards were worth so much!
Yeah I remember Ichiro was extremely popular when he started. I also didn't realize baseball cards were worth so much!	Oh I know. Some guy found three million dollars worth of cards in his Grandfather's attic!
Oh I know. Some guy found three million dollars worth of cards in his Grandfather's attic!	That would have been nice to find. Hidden since 1940 that is so historic.
That would have been nice to find. Hidden since 1940 that is so historic.	I couldn't imagine what ones were in that collection. That's about as cool as one married couple scheduling all the baseball games until 2005.
I couldn't imagine what ones were in that collection. That's about as cool as one married couple scheduling all the baseball games until 2005.	Yeah that is extreme! Soccer baseball is what Canadians call kickball. Kind of makes sense.
Yeah that is extreme! Soccer baseball is what Canadians call kickball. Kind of makes sense.	That makes total sense! Well have a good one!
That makes total sense! Well have a good one!	Good evening. Do you enjoy the game of baseball?
Good evening. Do you enjoy the game of baseball?	I sure do! I think it is funny that people in Japan are surprised that baseball is America's favorite pastime since it is so popular there.
I sure do! I think it is funny that people in Japan are surprised that baseball is America's favorite pastime since it is so popular there.	Yes I agree such a funny thing to hear! In Canada, baseball-soccer refers to what we call kickball!
Yes I agree such a funny thing to hear! In Canada, baseball-soccer refers to what we call kickball!	Oh what an odd name. Do you know why MLB managers wear team uniforms?
Oh what an odd name. Do you know why MLB managers wear team uniforms?	Just in case they need to play! Don't know if they ever had to in baseballs history though!
Just in case they need to play! Don't know if they ever had to in baseballs history though!	Yes, but it would be fun to see if they did. Have you heard about the $3 million baseball card find?
Yes, but it would be fun to see if they did. Have you heard about the $3 million baseball card find?	Yes it would. Oh those cards hidden since the 1940s? How cool would that be to stumble upon. Thanks grandpa!!
Yes it would. Oh those cards hidden since the 1940s? How cool would that be to stumble upon. Thanks grandpa!!	No kidding! Are you a football fan? With 32 NFL teams it is always on at my house.
No kidding! Are you a football fan? With 32 NFL teams it is always on at my house.	Oh yeah me too! Always a good game to watch and I love it. Even though there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.
Oh yeah me too! Always a good game to watch and I love it. Even though there is only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Yeah, lots of burned time. Did you know the NFL has no rules against female players?
Yeah, lots of burned time. Did you know the NFL has no rules against female players?	As long as they meet the requirements they can play and I am still waiting for that to happen. It would be such a revolutionary story!
As long as they meet the requirements they can play and I am still waiting for that to happen. It would be such a revolutionary story!	It would be! I am shocked by the sexist rule the Saints have for their cheerleaders.
It would be! I am shocked by the sexist rule the Saints have for their cheerleaders.	Yes making them leave a restaurant if an NFL player is there? Not very cool at all.
Yes making them leave a restaurant if an NFL player is there? Not very cool at all.	Not cool at all. How awful to make any person leave mid-meal, or not even be able to go in because of who else comes in or is there.
Not cool at all. How awful to make any person leave mid-meal, or not even be able to go in because of who else comes in or is there.	Yes that should not be allowed. One cool thing the NFL does though is use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to track movements on the field.
Yes that should not be allowed. One cool thing the NFL does though is use tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to track movements on the field.	Yes, that is genius. They also use them in the footballs.
Yes, that is genius. They also use them in the footballs.	I guess the stats like velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location can be important to analyze!
I guess the stats like velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location can be important to analyze!	Yeah I like the idea that game plays can be made even better.
Yeah I like the idea that game plays can be made even better.	Agreed. Everyone says football players make a lot but engineers make more lifetime earnings than football players! Well thanks for chatting this evening!
Agreed. Everyone says football players make a lot but engineers make more lifetime earnings than football players! Well thanks for chatting this evening!	Yes! Thank you!
Yes! Thank you!	Have a good night!
Have a good night!	Hi, how are you doing this evening?
Hi, how are you doing this evening?	Pretty well and you? do you watch baseball?
Pretty well and you? do you watch baseball?	I usually watch around playoff time. What about you?
I usually watch around playoff time. What about you?	Yeah me too. Do you know how the Albuquerque isotopes minor league team got their name?
Yeah me too. Do you know how the Albuquerque isotopes minor league team got their name?	Isotopes? Isn't that from the Simpsons or something?
Isotopes? Isn't that from the Simpsons or something?	Yeah exactly they took it from the team in the show
Yeah exactly they took it from the team in the show	That's great! Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises? I wonder why this occured.
That's great! Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises? I wonder why this occured.	Yeah and I wonder if any of them have ever played. Cubs were the first team to win back to back world series
Yeah and I wonder if any of them have ever played. Cubs were the first team to win back to back world series	Then they stopped winning all together. Was there a curse involved? Do they need to get a priest for an exorcism?
Then they stopped winning all together. Was there a curse involved? Do they need to get a priest for an exorcism?	I am not sure what happened but they surely have not won since then
I am not sure what happened but they surely have not won since then	I think Bill Murray must be so disappointed by that. What would you did in this situation: A man found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic- hidden since the 1940s.
I think Bill Murray must be so disappointed by that. What would you did in this situation: A man found three million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic- hidden since the 1940s.	Oh that is such a lucky chance. Did you hear about that female pitcher being banned?
Oh that is such a lucky chance. Did you hear about that female pitcher being banned?	When was there a female pitcher in the MLB? That sounds strange.
When was there a female pitcher in the MLB? That sounds strange.	There was this one female who was 17 and struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig and got banned
There was this one female who was 17 and struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig and got banned	That's quite a while ago. I guess she must have had heat or a wicked curve. Banned? I would pay to her play!
That's quite a while ago. I guess she must have had heat or a wicked curve. Banned? I would pay to her play!	I know, so strange and discriminating. Do you know what happens if a player catches the baseball in their hat?
I know, so strange and discriminating. Do you know what happens if a player catches the baseball in their hat?	Isn't it an out? I thought they could catch the ball any way they wanted to.
Isn't it an out? I thought they could catch the ball any way they wanted to.	Yeah apparently in this case the opposing team received three bases
Yeah apparently in this case the opposing team received three bases	That sounds funny. I don't remember hearing that rule. Hm. I guess it's to discourage players from showboating? When did they ever catch a ball with their cap?
That sounds funny. I don't remember hearing that rule. Hm. I guess it's to discourage players from showboating? When did they ever catch a ball with their cap?	I have no idea how that even came about. How about NFL, do you watch it?
I have no idea how that even came about. How about NFL, do you watch it?	I usually watch around the playoffs. The tension is high. What about you?
I usually watch around the playoffs. The tension is high. What about you?	Yeah me too. Like to watch the superbowl. Nice chat :)
Yeah me too. Like to watch the superbowl. Nice chat :)	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Doing good... Never heard of the TRump show, have you?
Doing good... Never heard of the TRump show, have you?	I have not. I wouldn't mind seeing it though, just to see what it was about...
I have not. I wouldn't mind seeing it though, just to see what it was about...	It's saying even the lovers and haters of trump are saying he is getting a lot done.
It's saying even the lovers and haters of trump are saying he is getting a lot done.	Not sure about a lot. I do think his message is getting lost becuase of the messenger. He lost a lot of capital because he is the messenger.
Not sure about a lot. I do think his message is getting lost becuase of the messenger. He lost a lot of capital because he is the messenger.	Well... he doesn't get much support and very hard to get things done and be positive to your outer circle when everyone wants to report what he isn't doing or what he's done wrong
Well... he doesn't get much support and very hard to get things done and be positive to your outer circle when everyone wants to report what he isn't doing or what he's done wrong	The 2020 election should be interesting... At least he doesn't have any more skeletons in the closet...
The 2020 election should be interesting... At least he doesn't have any more skeletons in the closet...	LOL... yeah that's for sure... but than again, the media is very creative
LOL... yeah that's for sure... but than again, the media is very creative	Yeah. Did you know he's not even in the top 3 of presidential welath?
Yeah. Did you know he's not even in the top 3 of presidential welath?	I did see that! I can't believe that! Maybe he should make pop albums to make mmore money like the president of Indonesia?
I did see that! I can't believe that! Maybe he should make pop albums to make mmore money like the president of Indonesia?	I would pay to hear that album. But he's friends with Kanye so he could get some help...
I would pay to hear that album. But he's friends with Kanye so he could get some help...	Oh yeah... get Kanye to produce it! LOL
Oh yeah... get Kanye to produce it! LOL	There would be so much autotune!
There would be so much autotune!	hahahaaaa.. Well played! They would probably interupt each other all the time!
hahahaaaa.. Well played! They would probably interupt each other all the time!	Oh geez that would be such an annoying session. Can you imagine being the audio engineer on that project. It might not be worth it.
Oh geez that would be such an annoying session. Can you imagine being the audio engineer on that project. It might not be worth it.	LOL... yeah... he would quit! Kanye, Trump and the president of Indonesia making an album together!!!
LOL... yeah... he would quit! Kanye, Trump and the president of Indonesia making an album together!!!	It would be the one thing that would unite the world. It would be a glowing contribute to world peace for them all.
It would be the one thing that would unite the world. It would be a glowing contribute to world peace for them all.	LOL
LOL	HA! I am not sure how to go on with this chat after that...
HA! I am not sure how to go on with this chat after that...	LOL... well... just remember... Could be worse.
LOL... well... just remember... Could be worse.	Seems like the perfect dismount... Nice chatting with you!
Seems like the perfect dismount... Nice chatting with you!	Hello. Do you watch television?
Hello. Do you watch television?	Yes I love watching TV. I really love that 70' show. Can't believe they made the UK version!
Yes I love watching TV. I really love that 70' show. Can't believe they made the UK version!	I can't believe it either. Bart was neither mentioned nor seen in one episode of The Simpsons.
I can't believe it either. Bart was neither mentioned nor seen in one episode of The Simpsons.	Hard to believe him being the most popular. Pokemon was very heavily played as well with 750 episodes!
Hard to believe him being the most popular. Pokemon was very heavily played as well with 750 episodes!	750 episodes? That's a lot. In how many years?
750 episodes? That's a lot. In how many years?	I know that's about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight!
I know that's about 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight!	I think that was a lot. Ringo Starr is one of the voices in Thomas the Tank Engine. Are you familiar with the tv series?
I think that was a lot. Ringo Starr is one of the voices in Thomas the Tank Engine. Are you familiar with the tv series?	Oh yeah definitely. George carlin and Alec Baldwin have also narrated the show.
Oh yeah definitely. George carlin and Alec Baldwin have also narrated the show.	Did they do it for different train characters?
Did they do it for different train characters?	Good question, I'm not sure but I know they did at least 52 episodes each.
Good question, I'm not sure but I know they did at least 52 episodes each.	On another topic, the president's guest house is larger than the White House.
On another topic, the president's guest house is larger than the White House.	I guess treating guests nice is important. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office LOL.
I guess treating guests nice is important. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office LOL.	That's unusual. Perhaps he is good at multitasking.
That's unusual. Perhaps he is good at multitasking.	Oh yeah I bet he is. Kind of like Kanye West LOL. Kanye West once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert, that's pretty cool.
Oh yeah I bet he is. Kind of like Kanye West LOL. Kanye West once gave his mic to a fan in a wheelchair at a concert, that's pretty cool.	I am not his fan. He also believes that aids is a man-mad disease.
I am not his fan. He also believes that aids is a man-mad disease.	Yeah he says some ridiculous things. But his music is good. He is among the most critically acclaimed musician of the 21st-century.
Yeah he says some ridiculous things. But his music is good. He is among the most critically acclaimed musician of the 21st-century.	rapper Big Sean had a 3.7 GPA and the turned down scholarship to Michigan State.
rapper Big Sean had a 3.7 GPA and the turned down scholarship to Michigan State.	Well it paid off for him it seems. Out of the 10 most successful songs of all time only Kanye West's Golddigger is in a minor key.
Well it paid off for him it seems. Out of the 10 most successful songs of all time only Kanye West's Golddigger is in a minor key.	Sorry for the typo, what I meant was "he turned down scholarship". Yes, I heard about Kanye's Golddigger.
Sorry for the typo, what I meant was "he turned down scholarship". Yes, I heard about Kanye's Golddigger.	And he has sold over 120 million records worldwide. It was really nice talking with you I hope you have a good day.
And he has sold over 120 million records worldwide. It was really nice talking with you I hope you have a good day.	It was nice talking to you too. Have a great day!
It was nice talking to you too. Have a great day!	Hi there! Are you a fan of professional sports?
Hi there! Are you a fan of professional sports?	Hi there, I like Football the best, basketball since the Warriors are 15 miles from me, and I used to watch MBA but I kinda fell off baseball.
Hi there, I like Football the best, basketball since the Warriors are 15 miles from me, and I used to watch MBA but I kinda fell off baseball.	Cool. I always played soccer as a kid, so I watched a lot of world cup this summer, and hockey - I got into the stanley cup when I was laid up with cancer because the lightning were in it. Otherwise I tend towards football
Cool. I always played soccer as a kid, so I watched a lot of world cup this summer, and hockey - I got into the stanley cup when I was laid up with cancer because the lightning were in it. Otherwise I tend towards football	Good, we have that in common. I did want to say that it is very interesting that the coaches wear uniforms because if needed they can play!!!!
Good, we have that in common. I did want to say that it is very interesting that the coaches wear uniforms because if needed they can play!!!!	I know that is kind of crazy, I wonder if there is a precedent for that, or if it even happens anymore.
I know that is kind of crazy, I wonder if there is a precedent for that, or if it even happens anymore.	I forgot to say in baseball, the coaches can play. I will have to google it later haha. Back to football, did you watch the Superbowl, what did you think?
I forgot to say in baseball, the coaches can play. I will have to google it later haha. Back to football, did you watch the Superbowl, what did you think?	I didnt. I dont have cable and wasnt feeling well so I didnt go out. I don't think I missed much from what I hear. Probably less than the 11 minutes of active game play in that one,
I didnt. I dont have cable and wasnt feeling well so I didnt go out. I don't think I missed much from what I hear. Probably less than the 11 minutes of active game play in that one,	It was so boring. Maybe they should recruit female players. I did not know it was allowed until now!
It was so boring. Maybe they should recruit female players. I did not know it was allowed until now!	Same here, hopefully theyd treat them better than the Saints cheerleaders.
Same here, hopefully theyd treat them better than the Saints cheerleaders.	That is crazy that they have to leave even if they are there first. If I were a player, I would just leave myself.
That is crazy that they have to leave even if they are there first. If I were a player, I would just leave myself.	I dont see any reason anyone has to leave, I mean what reason could there possibly be behind the rule?
I dont see any reason anyone has to leave, I mean what reason could there possibly be behind the rule?	I have heard that Players and Cheerleaders cannot date each other.
I have heard that Players and Cheerleaders cannot date each other.	I could see where a bad relationship could cause strife in the organization, but eating at the same restaurant? I wonder if it is just Saints players or any player.
I could see where a bad relationship could cause strife in the organization, but eating at the same restaurant? I wonder if it is just Saints players or any player.	Yeah, I bet something happened in the past to have the Saints make that rule.
Yeah, I bet something happened in the past to have the Saints make that rule.	I was looking into it and they even have to block players from following them on social media. Crazy
I was looking into it and they even have to block players from following them on social media. Crazy	Even crazier, if they have tracking chips inside the balls, how do they get so many calls wrong?
Even crazier, if they have tracking chips inside the balls, how do they get so many calls wrong?	I wondered about that one myself. I mean cant they place chips in the pylons and the yard markers and measure all of that digitally?
I wondered about that one myself. I mean cant they place chips in the pylons and the yard markers and measure all of that digitally?	Maybe so they can sway the game I guess....There are a ton of videos saying the NFL is rigged.
Maybe so they can sway the game I guess....There are a ton of videos saying the NFL is rigged.	That would be an interesting thing, Im not one who is big into conspiracies, but I often wonder why or how certain teams get where they do.
That would be an interesting thing, Im not one who is big into conspiracies, but I often wonder why or how certain teams get where they do.	I am not either but I am a Raider fan and when they took 12 minutes to decide the Tuck rule and gave it back to Brady, I wouldn't doubt the refs are in on it.
I am not either but I am a Raider fan and when they took 12 minutes to decide the Tuck rule and gave it back to Brady, I wouldn't doubt the refs are in on it.	That would be funny if when they are reviewing it the refs are actually getting instructions on how to run the game.
That would be funny if when they are reviewing it the refs are actually getting instructions on how to run the game.	As you mention earlier, only 11 minutes of live and they took 12 to make the tuck. Also there are a ton of pics with Brady holding the ball with 2 hands before it was swatted. Fumble.
As you mention earlier, only 11 minutes of live and they took 12 to make the tuck. Also there are a ton of pics with Brady holding the ball with 2 hands before it was swatted. Fumble.	I would understand botched calls before all the replay technology that they brought to the fields, but when they can go frame by frame there is almost no excuse.
I would understand botched calls before all the replay technology that they brought to the fields, but when they can go frame by frame there is almost no excuse.	I agree. It was super nice to talk to you. Hopefully you are well recovered and have a great night!
I agree. It was super nice to talk to you. Hopefully you are well recovered and have a great night!	Thank you! All is well! You too!
Thank you! All is well! You too!	Take care.
Take care.	How's it going, do you watch much tv? It's basically a mass medium for advertising
How's it going, do you watch much tv? It's basically a mass medium for advertising	Yes I do watch quite a bit tv.
Yes I do watch quite a bit tv.	Do you watch South Park much? The producers of the Simpsons sent the South Park producers flowers after they made fun of Family Guy
Do you watch South Park much? The producers of the Simpsons sent the South Park producers flowers after they made fun of Family Guy	I have seen South Park a few times. I like the Simpsons.
I have seen South Park a few times. I like the Simpsons.	Yea the Simpsons are good, there is only one episode that Bart isn't featured in
Yea the Simpsons are good, there is only one episode that Bart isn't featured in	That is Amazing. They have had quite a run.
That is Amazing. They have had quite a run.	Yea but not as much as Pokemon's run, there are over 750 episodes
Yea but not as much as Pokemon's run, there are over 750 episodes	They have a big audience.
They have a big audience.	Yea, Pokemon averages 50 episodes a year for 16 years
Yea, Pokemon averages 50 episodes a year for 16 years	Yes, you dont see shows do 50 episodes a year anymore.
Yes, you dont see shows do 50 episodes a year anymore.	No, some shows don't even last 10 episodes like the UK version of That 70s Show "Days Like These"
No, some shows don't even last 10 episodes like the UK version of That 70s Show "Days Like These"	I read where Ringo has narrated 52 episodes of Thomas the tank engine,
I read where Ringo has narrated 52 episodes of Thomas the tank engine,	That's pretty cool and a nice way to give back I suppose, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also narrated Thomas the Tank Engine too
That's pretty cool and a nice way to give back I suppose, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also narrated Thomas the Tank Engine too	I am surprised. I would not think Alec Baldwin would do Thomas the tank engine.
I am surprised. I would not think Alec Baldwin would do Thomas the tank engine.	Yea Alec Baldwin is a loose cannon but I must admit he has a good voice for narrating shows like Thomas the Tank Engine
Yea Alec Baldwin is a loose cannon but I must admit he has a good voice for narrating shows like Thomas the Tank Engine	Yes. You are right. His voice is good for narrating shows.
Yes. You are right. His voice is good for narrating shows.	Speaking of good voices did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums?
Speaking of good voices did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums?	No. I had never heard that before. That is interesting.
No. I had never heard that before. That is interesting.	I wonder if he ever visited the US, the guest house for the President is actually larger than the white house
I wonder if he ever visited the US, the guest house for the President is actually larger than the white house	Yes. That is something that I never would have thought.
Yes. That is something that I never would have thought.	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	Hello. Are you a fan of That 70's Show? There is a British version, although it only lasted 10 episodes.
Hello. Are you a fan of That 70's Show? There is a British version, although it only lasted 10 episodes.	I love that 70s show. It must not have been very well received in the UK.
I love that 70s show. It must not have been very well received in the UK.	I guess not. Maybe it's because there isn't a British equivalent of Ashton Kutcher? Have you seen the Bart-less Simpsons episode? I've been trying to find it.
I guess not. Maybe it's because there isn't a British equivalent of Ashton Kutcher? Have you seen the Bart-less Simpsons episode? I've been trying to find it.	Yeah you might be onto something. No I have never seen that episode and I actually didn't even know there was an episode where Bart never appeared.
Yeah you might be onto something. No I have never seen that episode and I actually didn't even know there was an episode where Bart never appeared.	Only one. Who is your favorite narrator for Thomas the Train?
Only one. Who is your favorite narrator for Thomas the Train?	Oh great question. I would have to go with Alec Baldwin because he is one of my favorite actors. What about you?
Oh great question. I would have to go with Alec Baldwin because he is one of my favorite actors. What about you?	He was great. I've seen all of the ones he narrated. I like George Carlin. He has that voice for it.
He was great. I've seen all of the ones he narrated. I like George Carlin. He has that voice for it.	Oh nice he would be good too. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon which amounts to about 50 a year for 16 years straight!?
Oh nice he would be good too. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon which amounts to about 50 a year for 16 years straight!?	My kids were never into Pokemon (oddly, they didn't like the Ringo Starr narrations of Thomas either), so I have never seen it, is it good?
My kids were never into Pokemon (oddly, they didn't like the Ringo Starr narrations of Thomas either), so I have never seen it, is it good?	Oh interesting. Well I thought it was OK but you have to like that sort of thing. Now I like watching movies on the Internet. There is even Internet capabilities on the top of Mount Everest.
Oh interesting. Well I thought it was OK but you have to like that sort of thing. Now I like watching movies on the Internet. There is even Internet capabilities on the top of Mount Everest.	I can't get service in my barn. I wonder who the person was, that decided to call those three lines on apps and websites, the hamburger button?
I can't get service in my barn. I wonder who the person was, that decided to call those three lines on apps and websites, the hamburger button?	Ha ha that is hilarious Very cool you have a barn. Yeah I would like to know who invented that as well. The Internet is actually addictive and can cause real measurable changes in the brain.
Ha ha that is hilarious Very cool you have a barn. Yeah I would like to know who invented that as well. The Internet is actually addictive and can cause real measurable changes in the brain.	Yeah, they usually come with farms, lol. At least the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet saved, though I'm not entirely sure how it can burn down, like the original.
Yeah, they usually come with farms, lol. At least the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet saved, though I'm not entirely sure how it can burn down, like the original.	Yeah nice to know they have a copy. Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying stuff online. I am definitely guilty of not reading it.
Yeah nice to know they have a copy. Only 7% of people read the full terms when buying stuff online. I am definitely guilty of not reading it.	I never do either. I wish we could equip our cars with flamethrowers, like they do in South Africa. It sure will help clear all of this snow.
I never do either. I wish we could equip our cars with flamethrowers, like they do in South Africa. It sure will help clear all of this snow.	Yeah that is one way to melt snow LOL. But it sounds like they use it to prevent carjacking.
Yeah that is one way to melt snow LOL. But it sounds like they use it to prevent carjacking.	I like my idea better, lol. I wonder if they use wood trunks on some of their cars?
I like my idea better, lol. I wonder if they use wood trunks on some of their cars?	Ha ha so do I. Yeah that is a good question. It's funny you say that because that is exactly how the word trunk got its name.
Ha ha so do I. Yeah that is a good question. It's funny you say that because that is exactly how the word trunk got its name.	I wonder if Cadillac ever had them on their cars? I didn't notice any, in the Detroit museum.
I wonder if Cadillac ever had them on their cars? I didn't notice any, in the Detroit museum.	Yeah that would've been a very cool addition. Maybe the French explorer who founded Detroit would not allow that.
Yeah that would've been a very cool addition. Maybe the French explorer who founded Detroit would not allow that.	I don't know, lol. They have a fantastic McDonalds there, it has a shark tank in the seating area. I don't think they have a drive-thru though.
I don't know, lol. They have a fantastic McDonalds there, it has a shark tank in the seating area. I don't think they have a drive-thru though.	Holy cow are you kidding me. That is amazing. Yeah it must've been so revolutionary when McDonald's out of the drive-through back in 1975.Was nice speaking with you today have a nice one.
Holy cow are you kidding me. That is amazing. Yeah it must've been so revolutionary when McDonald's out of the drive-through back in 1975.Was nice speaking with you today have a nice one.	Do you have a favorite car brand?
Do you have a favorite car brand?	Hi, how are you? I like many different kinds of cars. You?
Hi, how are you? I like many different kinds of cars. You?	I have always been partial to the Cadillac brand, named after the French explorer Antoine Brand...Just kidding. His last name was Cadillac.
I have always been partial to the Cadillac brand, named after the French explorer Antoine Brand...Just kidding. His last name was Cadillac.	Never knew that! It's funny that McDonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. I thought the drive thru was older than that, since we have a car culture in the US.
Never knew that! It's funny that McDonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. I thought the drive thru was older than that, since we have a car culture in the US.	Yeah. I wondered why none of the old 1950's movies had drive thru windows at their car hops. Now I know why. And it makes sense that McDs was the inovator.
Yeah. I wondered why none of the old 1950's movies had drive thru windows at their car hops. Now I know why. And it makes sense that McDs was the inovator.	It is legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking. I wonder how often McD's in SA sees cars like that in the drive thru
It is legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking. I wonder how often McD's in SA sees cars like that in the drive thru	Flame-broiling is a Burger King thing. Now you can do it after you buy the burger! I wonder what else is legal in South Africa?
Flame-broiling is a Burger King thing. Now you can do it after you buy the burger! I wonder what else is legal in South Africa?	Probably a whole array of James Bond stuff. Machine guns. Oil slicks. Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo. But why 90,000 and not more? Or less?
Probably a whole array of James Bond stuff. Machine guns. Oil slicks. Jann Mardenborough became a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in the video game Gran Turismo. But why 90,000 and not more? Or less?	Clearly an underachiever...LOL You know, the year 1886 is considered the year the car was born. Imagine the look on the face of the proud papa the first time he changes the baby's oil.
Clearly an underachiever...LOL You know, the year 1886 is considered the year the car was born. Imagine the look on the face of the proud papa the first time he changes the baby's oil.	Cars certainly have come a long way. I've heard predictions that in the next decade, driveless vehicles will take over large parts of the transportation industry. Not sure what the truck drivers will do for work.
Cars certainly have come a long way. I've heard predictions that in the next decade, driveless vehicles will take over large parts of the transportation industry. Not sure what the truck drivers will do for work.	Gaming. Lots of money in that, if you can find the hamburger buttons. You know, those that symbol with those three vertical lines?
Gaming. Lots of money in that, if you can find the hamburger buttons. You know, those that symbol with those three vertical lines?	Oh, the vegans must hate that name! Probably they want it to be called the veggie burger! Do you think you're addicted to the Internet yet?
Oh, the vegans must hate that name! Probably they want it to be called the veggie burger! Do you think you're addicted to the Internet yet?	Yeah, I'm addicted. If they opened up my brain, they would see a room full of little nerds, wear black glasses and white shirts, all sitting at laptops--facing away from one another of course.
Yeah, I'm addicted. If they opened up my brain, they would see a room full of little nerds, wear black glasses and white shirts, all sitting at laptops--facing away from one another of course.	Even if you go to the top of Everest, you cannot escape! There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Everest. But you can take a selfie of yourself.
Even if you go to the top of Everest, you cannot escape! There is 3g cell service and internet capabilities at the peak of Everest. But you can take a selfie of yourself.	Sebatian Maniscalco calls it "Taking a lonely" because how alone do yo have to be to not be able to find one person willing to click a snapshot for you? So true. But as a nerd, socialization is not my thing. I am one of the 7% that gets pleasure of of reading terms of my product service agreement...
Sebatian Maniscalco calls it "Taking a lonely" because how alone do yo have to be to not be able to find one person willing to click a snapshot for you? So true. But as a nerd, socialization is not my thing. I am one of the 7% that gets pleasure of of reading terms of my product service agreement...	You're taking one for the team! I thought that the number would be lower than 7%. Maybe 1 %. Do you believe that the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the Internet in case the Internet burns down?
You're taking one for the team! I thought that the number would be lower than 7%. Maybe 1 %. Do you believe that the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the Internet in case the Internet burns down?	Sure. I find it comforting knowing that civilization will not grind to a halt if the internet goes down. How else would we be able to binge watch the Simpsons reruns?
Sure. I find it comforting knowing that civilization will not grind to a halt if the internet goes down. How else would we be able to binge watch the Simpsons reruns?	It sounds improbably because it would take an Internet to back up the Internet, plus it's so dynamic, how would they keep it current? I bet Jeff Bezos has a backup of the Simpsons somewhere in his secret bunker.
It sounds improbably because it would take an Internet to back up the Internet, plus it's so dynamic, how would they keep it current? I bet Jeff Bezos has a backup of the Simpsons somewhere in his secret bunker.	Yeah, but I bet nobody has a backup of the UK remake of the 70s Show...thank goodness!
Yeah, but I bet nobody has a backup of the UK remake of the 70s Show...thank goodness!	If the Internet must die to destroy that, so be it!
If the Internet must die to destroy that, so be it!	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Hi, do you know of a 30 year old still living with their parents?
Hi, do you know of a 30 year old still living with their parents?	I have a cousin that moved back in with his parents after some financial issues.
I have a cousin that moved back in with his parents after some financial issues.	Did he sue them when they asked him to move out?
Did he sue them when they asked him to move out?	Uh no, he was not asked to move out. Its not like that one case in New York that was in the news.
Uh no, he was not asked to move out. Its not like that one case in New York that was in the news.	I can't believe he asked for a 6 month eviction. Even by Illinois Standards, that's a lot!
I can't believe he asked for a 6 month eviction. Even by Illinois Standards, that's a lot!	The whole situation is embarrassing for everyone involved. Not to mention it is going to make holiday dinners very uncomfortable down the road
The whole situation is embarrassing for everyone involved. Not to mention it is going to make holiday dinners very uncomfortable down the road	Right? I think he was totally immature and entitled to do that. All of that because he loves his parents and wasnt ready to move out.
Right? I think he was totally immature and entitled to do that. All of that because he loves his parents and wasnt ready to move out.	I do not think it is because he loves his parents. I think it is because he is lazy. He had a poor work history.
I do not think it is because he loves his parents. I think it is because he is lazy. He had a poor work history.	It does say he supports himself with his own business, although he wouldn't elaborate.
It does say he supports himself with his own business, although he wouldn't elaborate.	Except it sounds like he doesn't have a business if he is using his family's money and interrupting their lives.
Except it sounds like he doesn't have a business if he is using his family's money and interrupting their lives.	Yeah, he seems like an entitled jerk. Just wanting the spotlight!
Yeah, he seems like an entitled jerk. Just wanting the spotlight!	I would change the locks and cut off contact if he was my son. Sometimes tough love is the way to go. Everything else has not worked yet.
I would change the locks and cut off contact if he was my son. Sometimes tough love is the way to go. Everything else has not worked yet.	Me too! It still must have been hard for them to sit there and watch this. I have a son and daughter and would be heart broken to do this.
Me too! It still must have been hard for them to sit there and watch this. I have a son and daughter and would be heart broken to do this.	Yeah but hopefully you would never be in an extreme situation like this. It takes a certain type of person to do this to their parents
Yeah but hopefully you would never be in an extreme situation like this. It takes a certain type of person to do this to their parents	yes. Do you like to watch tv?
yes. Do you like to watch tv?	Probably more than I should. I really enjoy sit coms like South Park
Probably more than I should. I really enjoy sit coms like South Park	Me too, although I am a simpsons fan more than south park.
Me too, although I am a simpsons fan more than south park.	Well both shows have done well. The simpsons have been on for 30 seasons or more and South Park at least 20 seasons
Well both shows have done well. The simpsons have been on for 30 seasons or more and South Park at least 20 seasons	Did you know that when south park aired its family guy episode, the simpsons sent them flowers
Did you know that when south park aired its family guy episode, the simpsons sent them flowers	I would imagine that their is a mutual respect between all of those cartoon shows since they all work in the same field
I would imagine that their is a mutual respect between all of those cartoon shows since they all work in the same field	Agreed. Plus they are legends and they can't get too angry at comedy legends. Nice chatting with you!
Agreed. Plus they are legends and they can't get too angry at comedy legends. Nice chatting with you!	Interesting topics. I am a big football fan. How cool is the new tracking technology that uses AWS Cloud to quickly gather data on games?
Interesting topics. I am a big football fan. How cool is the new tracking technology that uses AWS Cloud to quickly gather data on games?	I too am a big fan of football, I think all of the new technology is amazing.
I too am a big fan of football, I think all of the new technology is amazing.	I was not aware that Baker Mayfield is a big competitive gamer. He's having a nice rookie season.
I was not aware that Baker Mayfield is a big competitive gamer. He's having a nice rookie season.	I wasn't either. Yep, I'm surprised at his season I wasn't sure how he would do with the Browns.
I wasn't either. Yep, I'm surprised at his season I wasn't sure how he would do with the Browns.	Big Twelve QBs struggle a lot. I also just read this little blurb about fantasy congress. That sounds interesting. I lost in the semifinals in my fantasy football league.
Big Twelve QBs struggle a lot. I also just read this little blurb about fantasy congress. That sounds interesting. I lost in the semifinals in my fantasy football league.	I had no idea about fantasy congress, it is actually pretty funny to me. I didn't play fantasy football this year.
I had no idea about fantasy congress, it is actually pretty funny to me. I didn't play fantasy football this year.	This thing about Tom Brady being a backup who never played on a JV team that didn't score a touchdown is pretty surprising, too.
This thing about Tom Brady being a backup who never played on a JV team that didn't score a touchdown is pretty surprising, too.	I knew he was a late bloomer, but that is pretty incredible that he didn't play on the JV team. Who is your favorite NFL QB?
I knew he was a late bloomer, but that is pretty incredible that he didn't play on the JV team. Who is your favorite NFL QB?	I'm a Steelers fan, so Roethlisberger is my #1. I am also a huge Patrick Mahomes fan. He was my QB in Fantasy this year.
I'm a Steelers fan, so Roethlisberger is my #1. I am also a huge Patrick Mahomes fan. He was my QB in Fantasy this year.	Sorry but I can't stand the Steelers, I am a Bengals fan. I really like the way Mahomes is playing. He is changing the game.
Sorry but I can't stand the Steelers, I am a Bengals fan. I really like the way Mahomes is playing. He is changing the game.	Bengles should've beat us in the playoffs a couple years ago if it wasn't for Burrfect. I'm not sold on Dalton, probably want a better QB touching the ball on every play.
Bengles should've beat us in the playoffs a couple years ago if it wasn't for Burrfect. I'm not sold on Dalton, probably want a better QB touching the ball on every play.	That was a frustrating game for sure. The Bengals have a lot of issues and you're right it is probably time to move on from Dalton and draft a QB. Do you like any QB's coming out in the draft this year?
That was a frustrating game for sure. The Bengals have a lot of issues and you're right it is probably time to move on from Dalton and draft a QB. Do you like any QB's coming out in the draft this year?	It's a light class. Justin Herbert out of Oregon looks good. I think Thorson from Northwestern could be a sleeper, but his accuracy is questionable.
It's a light class. Justin Herbert out of Oregon looks good. I think Thorson from Northwestern could be a sleeper, but his accuracy is questionable.	Yep that's true. I would like Haskins from OSU if he decides to come out early. I did find it interesting that an average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. It's very interesting when you think of a 60 minute game.
Yep that's true. I would like Haskins from OSU if he decides to come out early. I did find it interesting that an average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. It's very interesting when you think of a 60 minute game.	That's why I've always been a hockey fan. You get 60 minutes of full speed play. Then again, the average NFL player makes less in a lifetime than an engineer, so...
That's why I've always been a hockey fan. You get 60 minutes of full speed play. Then again, the average NFL player makes less in a lifetime than an engineer, so...	I actually am a big soccer fan for that reason too. The game doesn't stop that often and when it does they add the extra time at the end. The earnings fact was surprising to me.
I actually am a big soccer fan for that reason too. The game doesn't stop that often and when it does they add the extra time at the end. The earnings fact was surprising to me.	Soccer almost never stops. Also don't take my advice on QBs as cannon. I watched Alex Smith in college and said he'd be an all time great. Turns out he's just a genius who is an average QB.
Soccer almost never stops. Also don't take my advice on QBs as cannon. I watched Alex Smith in college and said he'd be an all time great. Turns out he's just a genius who is an average QB.	I never knew that he was that smart, but I think you have to have a lot of intelligence to be a QB in the NFL. With the playbooks and reading defenses, it is intense.
I never knew that he was that smart, but I think you have to have a lot of intelligence to be a QB in the NFL. With the playbooks and reading defenses, it is intense.	He took so many AP classes in college that he came into Utah as a Junior.
He took so many AP classes in college that he came into Utah as a Junior.	That is impressive and he got his bachelor's in only two years. He should be a coach someday.
That is impressive and he got his bachelor's in only two years. He should be a coach someday.	I agree, you don't want him leading your team from the field, but he's a sharp guy.
I agree, you don't want him leading your team from the field, but he's a sharp guy.	Yes he is, with his injury this year he may never play again.
Yes he is, with his injury this year he may never play again.	I also was not aware that the NFL allows female players. Wonder if that will ever happen?
I also was not aware that the NFL allows female players. Wonder if that will ever happen?	I didn't know that either, I can't see it happening anytime soon. Maybe a kicker first?
I didn't know that either, I can't see it happening anytime soon. Maybe a kicker first?	A HS we played against when I was a kid had a girl from the soccer team as the kicker. she was targeted really badly. It was painful to watch.
A HS we played against when I was a kid had a girl from the soccer team as the kicker. she was targeted really badly. It was painful to watch.	Yea and when you get to college and the NFL the size of these guys is insane. I couldn't imagine a girl in that scenario, but maybe.
Yea and when you get to college and the NFL the size of these guys is insane. I couldn't imagine a girl in that scenario, but maybe.	There's only one left handed QB in the league, Kellan Moore. Got a long way to go before that.
There's only one left handed QB in the league, Kellan Moore. Got a long way to go before that.	that is very surprising to me. I would have thought there would have been a lot more than that.
that is very surprising to me. I would have thought there would have been a lot more than that.	Another surprising thing is how the Saints cheerleaders can't be in the same restaurant as an NFL player. ANY player.
Another surprising thing is how the Saints cheerleaders can't be in the same restaurant as an NFL player. ANY player.	That seems like an unusual and outdated rule to have.
That seems like an unusual and outdated rule to have.	At least they don't have tracking chips embedded in the players and cheerleaders like they do the equipment.
At least they don't have tracking chips embedded in the players and cheerleaders like they do the equipment.	yea so far.
yea so far.	Hi, do you like the NFL?
Hi, do you like the NFL?	I do not know much and the only position I know of is the quarterback, who calls the plays and almost always throws the passes.
I do not know much and the only position I know of is the quarterback, who calls the plays and almost always throws the passes.	Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing in the league?
Did you know the NFL has no written rule against women playing in the league?	I think that is great. I am not sure most would be able to meet the requirements but it still nice to know it is an option. Better than just being a cheerleader. New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant if a football player shows up
I think that is great. I am not sure most would be able to meet the requirements but it still nice to know it is an option. Better than just being a cheerleader. New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave the restaurant if a football player shows up	I have heard most teams have similar rules.
I have heard most teams have similar rules.	I learned that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL
I learned that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL	That's interesting. I know Vick was a lefty.
That's interesting. I know Vick was a lefty.	The player I know of is Kellan Moore. And did you know a deaf quarterback invented the huddle?
The player I know of is Kellan Moore. And did you know a deaf quarterback invented the huddle?	I've heard of Kellan Moore. I had seen the huddle came about because they didn't want the other team to see the play calling.
I've heard of Kellan Moore. I had seen the huddle came about because they didn't want the other team to see the play calling.	What a great history. Speaking of history there was a high school that had a terrible record and never won or even scored a touchdown and refused to start their backup quarterback. That backup was Tom Brady.
What a great history. Speaking of history there was a high school that had a terrible record and never won or even scored a touchdown and refused to start their backup quarterback. That backup was Tom Brady.	Very interesting. I had heard Brady was un-drafted in the NFL. Crazy he has 6 Super Bowl wins now.
Very interesting. I had heard Brady was un-drafted in the NFL. Crazy he has 6 Super Bowl wins now.	Wow. I would definitely want him on my fantasy football team. Did you know that people fantasy draft the National Spelling Bee?
Wow. I would definitely want him on my fantasy football team. Did you know that people fantasy draft the National Spelling Bee?	I had no idea lol. I guess you can do fantasy on pretty much anything!
I had no idea lol. I guess you can do fantasy on pretty much anything!	There is even a fantasy Congress and you get points based off legislative success. I would be terrible at creating that team.
There is even a fantasy Congress and you get points based off legislative success. I would be terrible at creating that team.	Very funny. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
Very funny. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.	Just one fold between your dream team and the regular spelling bee. A fantasy author Terry Pratchett was knighted for that fold in his brain and his services to literature.
Just one fold between your dream team and the regular spelling bee. A fantasy author Terry Pratchett was knighted for that fold in his brain and his services to literature.	Very interesting. Do you play any fantasy sports?
Very interesting. Do you play any fantasy sports?	No, I do not think I have a deep enough understanding of any sport to create a team. I probably could write a fantasy novel though, but nowhere near as long as the 15,000 page manuscript created by a janitor in Chicago.
No, I do not think I have a deep enough understanding of any sport to create a team. I probably could write a fantasy novel though, but nowhere near as long as the 15,000 page manuscript created by a janitor in Chicago.	That's pretty cool. Did you watch the Super Bowl this year?
That's pretty cool. Did you watch the Super Bowl this year?	I didn't but I had a feeling that the patriots would win. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun information.
I didn't but I had a feeling that the patriots would win. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of fun information.	I did too. It was good talking to you!
I did too. It was good talking to you!	Good morning, are you a football fan?
Good morning, are you a football fan?	I am a football fan. I like both college and the NFL. Do you like football?
I am a football fan. I like both college and the NFL. Do you like football?	I am more of an NFL fan myself. My favorite team is the Eagles, how about you?
I am more of an NFL fan myself. My favorite team is the Eagles, how about you?	Bears fan. Being in Chicago makes you a bears fan. Although we do have packers fans too.
Bears fan. Being in Chicago makes you a bears fan. Although we do have packers fans too.	I know how that goes, we have a ton of Cowboys fans in Philadelphia. It's really annoying.
I know how that goes, we have a ton of Cowboys fans in Philadelphia. It's really annoying.	I know! Go away! Don't come here to our cool city and keep your packer fandom. Although I do find Aaron Rodgers really interesting though.
I know! Go away! Don't come here to our cool city and keep your packer fandom. Although I do find Aaron Rodgers really interesting though.	That was a crazy playoff game the Eagles and Bears had, I thought we were getting knocked out for sure!
That was a crazy playoff game the Eagles and Bears had, I thought we were getting knocked out for sure!	I did too! Ugh, the kicker. Then he goes on talk shows about it. Stay in your lane!
I did too! Ugh, the kicker. Then he goes on talk shows about it. Stay in your lane!	I don't mind the Bears as much as some other teams in the NFC, I was really rooting for the Saints to beat the Rams because of Brees. That was one of the worst calls I have ever seen.
I don't mind the Bears as much as some other teams in the NFC, I was really rooting for the Saints to beat the Rams because of Brees. That was one of the worst calls I have ever seen.	Agreed! I felt really bad for them. Did you see the Madri Gras floats about it? It was funny!
Agreed! I felt really bad for them. Did you see the Madri Gras floats about it? It was funny!	I only saw one parade of refs but not any of the floats, I bet they were great.
I only saw one parade of refs but not any of the floats, I bet they were great.	They were. A lot of blind refs!
They were. A lot of blind refs!	I know that fans wanted to sue the NFL over that decision. If it happened to the Eagles I don't know if I would ever get over it.
I know that fans wanted to sue the NFL over that decision. If it happened to the Eagles I don't know if I would ever get over it.	I feel like the saints are a persecuted bunch too. That cannot help their case. I laughed at the lawsuit. Nothing was going to come from that.
I feel like the saints are a persecuted bunch too. That cannot help their case. I laughed at the lawsuit. Nothing was going to come from that.	Exactly, there was unfortunately no way that was going to be overturned. Hopefully they can make something like that challengeable in the future.
Exactly, there was unfortunately no way that was going to be overturned. Hopefully they can make something like that challengeable in the future.	I agree. I would be angry as bears fans. Although as a philly fan, don't you think you all would have rioted if that happened to you?
I agree. I would be angry as bears fans. Although as a philly fan, don't you think you all would have rioted if that happened to you?	Oh I'm sure a few of us would have done something stupid. Unfortunately it seems like fans from the surrounding area like to come in and do dumb things and give us a bad rap. It's always funny to see the reports and it lists that they're not actually from the city.
Oh I'm sure a few of us would have done something stupid. Unfortunately it seems like fans from the surrounding area like to come in and do dumb things and give us a bad rap. It's always funny to see the reports and it lists that they're not actually from the city.	I can see that. You did have a jail in your stadium though...
I can see that. You did have a jail in your stadium though...	Yes we did, I think that was also somewhat of a publicity stunt mixed in as well. They did not carry that over when they built the Linc.
Yes we did, I think that was also somewhat of a publicity stunt mixed in as well. They did not carry that over when they built the Linc.	That's good. I do think it was sensationalized. Are you happy Foles is out? You're stuck with Wentz!
That's good. I do think it was sensationalized. Are you happy Foles is out? You're stuck with Wentz!	I can think of worse quarterbacks to be stuck with. I am not happy Foles is gone but I hope he has a lot of success in Jacksonville, just not against us. It was fun chatting football with you, have a great day!
I can think of worse quarterbacks to be stuck with. I am not happy Foles is gone but I hope he has a lot of success in Jacksonville, just not against us. It was fun chatting football with you, have a great day!	Hi, how are you? Do you follow the NFL?
Hi, how are you? Do you follow the NFL?	I do a little bit, but I pay more attention during the playoffs and Super Bowl
I do a little bit, but I pay more attention during the playoffs and Super Bowl	I am interested toward the end of the season too. The drama is better. I'm interested in seeing tense game with every play making a difference.
I am interested toward the end of the season too. The drama is better. I'm interested in seeing tense game with every play making a difference.	I'm sure the game would be even more tense if there were female players. It's a possibility if they met the eligibility requirements
I'm sure the game would be even more tense if there were female players. It's a possibility if they met the eligibility requirements	The question is what position could she play?
The question is what position could she play?	True! She might still make more money over her lifetime if she becomes an engineer though
True! She might still make more money over her lifetime if she becomes an engineer though	Plus a lot fewer concussions. Engineering is the way to go for career longevity.
Plus a lot fewer concussions. Engineering is the way to go for career longevity.	Though, only 11 minutes of live gameplay for 16 games in a season isn't too bad of a deal.
Though, only 11 minutes of live gameplay for 16 games in a season isn't too bad of a deal.	If you can keep your health, sure. I think that no matter how good the helmet is, the brain is going to get banged around a lot.
If you can keep your health, sure. I think that no matter how good the helmet is, the brain is going to get banged around a lot.	I wonder if it helps now that they keep chips in the shoulder pads and footballs. Or if that just helps more with the stats than anything else
I wonder if it helps now that they keep chips in the shoulder pads and footballs. Or if that just helps more with the stats than anything else	I suppose coaches could use it to analyze player motion and understand how to strategize better.
I suppose coaches could use it to analyze player motion and understand how to strategize better.	True! One thing I've never fully understood is why the teams are divided between the NFC and AFC the way they are.
True! One thing I've never fully understood is why the teams are divided between the NFC and AFC the way they are.	I think there were different leagues originally. Then they came together to make more money and form a monopoly.
I think there were different leagues originally. Then they came together to make more money and form a monopoly.	Of course. At least there are three other major sports leagues in America. I can't imagine how it would be if they were all owned by the same people
Of course. At least there are three other major sports leagues in America. I can't imagine how it would be if they were all owned by the same people	Sports get special treatment under the law about restraint of trade. It's a special case. The NFL makes $$$
Sports get special treatment under the law about restraint of trade. It's a special case. The NFL makes $$$	And the QBs seem to make the most of them all. It pays to be the leader of the offensive team
And the QBs seem to make the most of them all. It pays to be the leader of the offensive team	It's a tough job. The physicality, the need for rapid decision making. Everybody second-guessing you.
It's a tough job. The physicality, the need for rapid decision making. Everybody second-guessing you.	True. I wonder how Kellan Moore does as the only left-handed QB in the NFL
True. I wonder how Kellan Moore does as the only left-handed QB in the NFL	He must be awfully good to have made it. I bet the plays have to switch around to suit him. The blockers have to handle things differently.
He must be awfully good to have made it. I bet the plays have to switch around to suit him. The blockers have to handle things differently.	That might be why he's the only one. There was a deaf quarterback though, because he created the huddle so the other team couldn't read his hand signals
That might be why he's the only one. There was a deaf quarterback though, because he created the huddle so the other team couldn't read his hand signals	That was clever. I guess the other team was surprised that a deaf QB could be so effective. Anyway, thanks for the chat.
That was clever. I guess the other team was surprised that a deaf QB could be so effective. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	I would be impressed too!
I would be impressed too!	Do you watch football?
Do you watch football?	not too much but I support my wifes favorite team. you?
not too much but I support my wifes favorite team. you?	I don't. Did you know there are only 11 minutes on average of gameplay per game? It doesn't really hold my interest.
I don't. Did you know there are only 11 minutes on average of gameplay per game? It doesn't really hold my interest.	That is actually my biggest complaint about the game. all the stopping. I always wondered how the commentators are able to know the stats of players so quickly. The fact that NFL players have trackers in their shoulder pads explains everything.
That is actually my biggest complaint about the game. all the stopping. I always wondered how the commentators are able to know the stats of players so quickly. The fact that NFL players have trackers in their shoulder pads explains everything.	Yeah, it's interesting how the NFL has evolved. Did you know that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback?
Yeah, it's interesting how the NFL has evolved. Did you know that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback?	That is really interesting and a great way to overcome the obstacle of not being able to hear the other players.
That is really interesting and a great way to overcome the obstacle of not being able to hear the other players.	Yeah, and he didn't want the other team to be able to read his signs.
Yeah, and he didn't want the other team to be able to read his signs.	I wonder how long it took to teach the other players sign language. Isn't it crazy how there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. You'd think that there would be more.
I wonder how long it took to teach the other players sign language. Isn't it crazy how there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. You'd think that there would be more.	Right. I wonder why that is. Another crazy thing is Tom Brady was a backup quarter back and his coach refused to start him even though they were losing.
Right. I wonder why that is. Another crazy thing is Tom Brady was a backup quarter back and his coach refused to start him even though they were losing.	I bet he regrets that choice now. I wonder how Brad Johnson managed to throw a touch down pass to himself. He is the only person to ever do so.
I bet he regrets that choice now. I wonder how Brad Johnson managed to throw a touch down pass to himself. He is the only person to ever do so.	That is very cool. Tyreek Hill is another talented player. Have you heard of him?
That is very cool. Tyreek Hill is another talented player. Have you heard of him?	He is the guy who scored 6 30 yard long touchdowns right? Quite a talented guy
He is the guy who scored 6 30 yard long touchdowns right? Quite a talented guy	Yes, he is a wide receiver who has the fifth fasted speed among NFL ball carriers. He goes 21.64 miles per hour. That's pretty fast!
Yes, he is a wide receiver who has the fifth fasted speed among NFL ball carriers. He goes 21.64 miles per hour. That's pretty fast!	that is extremely fast. I never knew that the first NFL playoff game was played on a dirt field belonging to the Hockey team the Blackhawks.
that is extremely fast. I never knew that the first NFL playoff game was played on a dirt field belonging to the Hockey team the Blackhawks.	That's an interesting bit of history! Tyreek Hill might make history but some people think he is rated higher than he should be. They think opposing NFL teams will adapt to what is working for Hill.
That's an interesting bit of history! Tyreek Hill might make history but some people think he is rated higher than he should be. They think opposing NFL teams will adapt to what is working for Hill.	Its interesting how many other people can affects a players ratings
Its interesting how many other people can affects a players ratings	Yeah, it's hard for me to understand when they analyze plays and future scenarios in such technical ways but apparently they expect that he will catch less deep touchdown passes in the future.
Yeah, it's hard for me to understand when they analyze plays and future scenarios in such technical ways but apparently they expect that he will catch less deep touchdown passes in the future.	Apparently its a hard thing to repeat. Randy Moss scord 7 deep touchdown passes in 2007 and then only one in 2008
Apparently its a hard thing to repeat. Randy Moss scord 7 deep touchdown passes in 2007 and then only one in 2008	Yeah, I'm not sure if he will continue to succeed. However, it wouldn't be the end of the world if he didn't play in the NFL anymore. It turns out that there are other professions that pay more than the NFL. Engineers have higher lifetime earnings than NFL players, on average.
Yeah, I'm not sure if he will continue to succeed. However, it wouldn't be the end of the world if he didn't play in the NFL anymore. It turns out that there are other professions that pay more than the NFL. Engineers have higher lifetime earnings than NFL players, on average.	definitely better job security as an engineer, and less injuries.
definitely better job security as an engineer, and less injuries.	Ha, that is true! What Alex Smith did was smart. He got his bachelor's degree in two years and started on his master's degree before becoming the number one pick for the 2005 nfl draft.
Ha, that is true! What Alex Smith did was smart. He got his bachelor's degree in two years and started on his master's degree before becoming the number one pick for the 2005 nfl draft.	Hey there, I am a huge football fan. The NFL has 32 teams equally divided between the AFC and the NFC. We are Packers fan at my house, how about you?
Hey there, I am a huge football fan. The NFL has 32 teams equally divided between the AFC and the NFC. We are Packers fan at my house, how about you?	My husband is a huge fan, so I know a bit about the game. Personally I don't understand all the hype for an average of only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
My husband is a huge fan, so I know a bit about the game. Personally I don't understand all the hype for an average of only 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I understand because when I started watching football with my husband I didn't know anything. Now I know a little bit. Yeah, the live play time being so short is crazy! I think its weird that the NFL doesn't have a rule against female players.
I understand because when I started watching football with my husband I didn't know anything. Now I know a little bit. Yeah, the live play time being so short is crazy! I think its weird that the NFL doesn't have a rule against female players.	Yes as long as they can meet the league's eligibility requirements. Who knows what those are though. Although they don't come right out and say they aren't allowed I wonder if the eligibility requirements would be difficult for women to meet. I for one wouldn't want to be in the middle of a play with some of those giants!
Yes as long as they can meet the league's eligibility requirements. Who knows what those are though. Although they don't come right out and say they aren't allowed I wonder if the eligibility requirements would be difficult for women to meet. I for one wouldn't want to be in the middle of a play with some of those giants!	Me either! I would be the fastest runner out there even though I can't even walk fast. Terrifying. The average NFL player doesn't even earn as much as an engineer over a lifetime. Weird.
Me either! I would be the fastest runner out there even though I can't even walk fast. Terrifying. The average NFL player doesn't even earn as much as an engineer over a lifetime. Weird.	It makes you wonder if the super intelligent athletes like Alex Smith would have been better off pursuing a career in engineering lol. He was able finish a bachelor's degree in two years!
It makes you wonder if the super intelligent athletes like Alex Smith would have been better off pursuing a career in engineering lol. He was able finish a bachelor's degree in two years!	Yeah, right. He might be an exception to the rule since he is an amazing quarterback too though. Alex Smith was able to excel in anything he did or does. He was actually the overall draft pick in 2005. Baker Mayfield is up and coming now though.
Yeah, right. He might be an exception to the rule since he is an amazing quarterback too though. Alex Smith was able to excel in anything he did or does. He was actually the overall draft pick in 2005. Baker Mayfield is up and coming now though.	To think Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming!
To think Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue full-time competitive gaming!	I know, right! I would be mortified if any of my kids tried to pull that fast one, HAHA
I know, right! I would be mortified if any of my kids tried to pull that fast one, HAHA	Did you know that New Orleans saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player? They actually have to leave the restaurant if a player comes in while they are there.
Did you know that New Orleans saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player? They actually have to leave the restaurant if a player comes in while they are there.	What, no way! That's totally rude. I don't like that rule at all. Poor girls! That seem like a fantasy or I mean a bad fantasy alter-world,lol. Ya know a single fold in the brain makes the difference in perceiving reality and fantasy.
What, no way! That's totally rude. I don't like that rule at all. Poor girls! That seem like a fantasy or I mean a bad fantasy alter-world,lol. Ya know a single fold in the brain makes the difference in perceiving reality and fantasy.	I find the perception is reality theory so fascinating! Speaking of fantasy, are you part of a fantasy football league?
I find the perception is reality theory so fascinating! Speaking of fantasy, are you part of a fantasy football league?	Oh, I sure am part of a group! I won about $350 this season but the bragging rights are what I am really going for! Baker Mayfield is a QB that was on my team since he is from OU. They are my college fav.
Oh, I sure am part of a group! I won about $350 this season but the bragging rights are what I am really going for! Baker Mayfield is a QB that was on my team since he is from OU. They are my college fav.	That's awesome, congrats on the big win! I find it hilarious what people will create a fantasy league for. There is actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee!
That's awesome, congrats on the big win! I find it hilarious what people will create a fantasy league for. There is actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee!	HAHA! I would lose that fantasy team. Unless I could use my google dictionary at all times! lol. I have heard about fantasy congress leagues, that's funny!
HAHA! I would lose that fantasy team. Unless I could use my google dictionary at all times! lol. I have heard about fantasy congress leagues, that's funny!	I heard about that one too! Can you imagine drafting members of congress and hoping for their legislative success. I feel like it would take a loooooooong time before there was any winner declared for that one!
I heard about that one too! Can you imagine drafting members of congress and hoping for their legislative success. I feel like it would take a loooooooong time before there was any winner declared for that one!	Yeah, forever They will prob have a "shutdown" immediately. That is why I stick with football.
Yeah, forever They will prob have a "shutdown" immediately. That is why I stick with football.	Haha ya, the next left-handed quarterback will probably enter the NFL well before they see any sort of legislative success. Considering Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL I'd say the odds of both are just about as likely.
Haha ya, the next left-handed quarterback will probably enter the NFL well before they see any sort of legislative success. Considering Kellan Moore is the only left-handed quarterback in the NFL I'd say the odds of both are just about as likely.	Yeah, they also track the velocity and movements of the players through chips in their uniforms. It's amazing technology they can use to help protect players.
Yeah, they also track the velocity and movements of the players through chips in their uniforms. It's amazing technology they can use to help protect players.	Interesting! I'm sure there is a high degree of analytics that go on behind the scenes then.
Interesting! I'm sure there is a high degree of analytics that go on behind the scenes then.	Yes, highly paid people who spend a lot of time working on that.
Yes, highly paid people who spend a lot of time working on that.	hi there, do you watch NFL?
hi there, do you watch NFL?	I do, I am actually a huge fan of the NFL. How about yourself?
I do, I am actually a huge fan of the NFL. How about yourself?	I watch it from time to time. did you see the superbowl?
I watch it from time to time. did you see the superbowl?	yeah it was kinda underwhelming I wish there were more points scored
yeah it was kinda underwhelming I wish there were more points scored	Yeah, in the end when you think about it there is only 11 minutes of actual game play
Yeah, in the end when you think about it there is only 11 minutes of actual game play	I agree 100%. It didn't really get exciting till that last drive by Brady. Do you think he is the best NFL player of all time?
I agree 100%. It didn't really get exciting till that last drive by Brady. Do you think he is the best NFL player of all time?	I am not sure about that there are some other really good players out there. maybe as a quarterback yeah
I am not sure about that there are some other really good players out there. maybe as a quarterback yeah	Yeah it's debatable. I think he is really talented and definitely in the discussion. Do you have a favorite NFL team?
Yeah it's debatable. I think he is really talented and definitely in the discussion. Do you have a favorite NFL team?	I do not I just watch the games sometimes. do you know women can play too
I do not I just watch the games sometimes. do you know women can play too	Yeah some women can be really good at it. I play a lot of Fantasy with other girls in my league
Yeah some women can be really good at it. I play a lot of Fantasy with other girls in my league	Nice. did you know the rule about new orleans cheerleaders?
Nice. did you know the rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	No I don't. What's the rule?
No I don't. What's the rule?	they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players
they are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players	wow I didn't know that that's interesting. do you play Fantasy at all?
wow I didn't know that that's interesting. do you play Fantasy at all?	no I do not. I know that people fantasy drafts the national spelling bee
no I do not. I know that people fantasy drafts the national spelling bee	Yeah I heard about that on my team. This year I drafted Tyreek Hill and he was one of my best players
Yeah I heard about that on my team. This year I drafted Tyreek Hill and he was one of my best players	Nice. did you know that a single fold in the brain makes the different between fantasy and reality?
Nice. did you know that a single fold in the brain makes the different between fantasy and reality?	I didn't know that, that's super interesting. There's so much science regarding fantasy and its growing into so many different applications
I didn't know that, that's super interesting. There's so much science regarding fantasy and its growing into so many different applications	very true. do you know who wrote ' in the realism of the unreal?
very true. do you know who wrote ' in the realism of the unreal?	no I actually do not. who wrote that?
no I actually do not. who wrote that?	a janitor from chicago over six year
a janitor from chicago over six year	wow that's very cool. you think you're gonna go to an NFL game soon?
wow that's very cool. you think you're gonna go to an NFL game soon?	Do you follow NFL football? Seems players talk a lot on shows and social media. Is it hype or do these guys mean what they sometimes say?
Do you follow NFL football? Seems players talk a lot on shows and social media. Is it hype or do these guys mean what they sometimes say?	I love football! I love that Snoop Dog actually wrote a fight song for his son's high school team.
I love football! I love that Snoop Dog actually wrote a fight song for his son's high school team.	Okay. Guess celeb displayed his talents early (?)
Okay. Guess celeb displayed his talents early (?)	Well, it was for his son's team. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college teams.
Well, it was for his son's team. 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college teams.	Live close to one of them: Penn State's Beaver Stadium. Seats over 100,000. What college team do you follow, if any?
Live close to one of them: Penn State's Beaver Stadium. Seats over 100,000. What college team do you follow, if any?	Holy Cow! I watch them all from time to time.
Holy Cow! I watch them all from time to time.	How about the Redskins, Josh Norman or DeAngelo Hall?
How about the Redskins, Josh Norman or DeAngelo Hall?	I don't follow the, I am a Packer's fan.
I don't follow the, I am a Packer's fan.	Green Bay? Followed them when Favre was QB. How did you feel about the NFL teams who made it to this year's Super Bowl?
Green Bay? Followed them when Favre was QB. How did you feel about the NFL teams who made it to this year's Super Bowl?	Yes. I was impartial. I'd like to see a team other than the Pat's play. I watch Army football. The highest paid coaches come from service branch teams.
Yes. I was impartial. I'd like to see a team other than the Pat's play. I watch Army football. The highest paid coaches come from service branch teams.	Agreed. Tired of Patriots dynasty, although admire Brady. Didn't know Army, Navy and Air Force coaches were paid that much. Why more than, say, commandant or highest ranking general??
Agreed. Tired of Patriots dynasty, although admire Brady. Didn't know Army, Navy and Air Force coaches were paid that much. Why more than, say, commandant or highest ranking general??	Yes, most paid in all us department of defense employees.
Yes, most paid in all us department of defense employees.	I see. Thought maybe compared to college coaches. Franklin at Penn State makes over $6 a yr. Did you know, in the '60s, top bowlers made 2X as much as top football stars?
I see. Thought maybe compared to college coaches. Franklin at Penn State makes over $6 a yr. Did you know, in the '60s, top bowlers made 2X as much as top football stars?	Wow! That is something else! Did you know a high school football stadium in TX seats 18,000!
Wow! That is something else! Did you know a high school football stadium in TX seats 18,000!	Correction: PS coach makes $6 million/yr. As high school stadiums go, that TX one is huge. Wonder if it's in a major city like Houston or Austin?
Correction: PS coach makes $6 million/yr. As high school stadiums go, that TX one is huge. Wonder if it's in a major city like Houston or Austin?	It is in Allen TX. It cost 60 million to build.
It is in Allen TX. It cost 60 million to build.	That town may be a rich suburb...or they floated a loan their grand kids will still be paying off!
That town may be a rich suburb...or they floated a loan their grand kids will still be paying off!	LOL something!
LOL something!	I know. Say, who's your favorite celebrity?
I know. Say, who's your favorite celebrity?	Jennifer Aniston for sure!
Jennifer Aniston for sure!	Great answer. Great on Friends. Mine is Robin Williams. Miss his comic genius- won't ever be equaled. Loved his as voice of the Genie in Aladdin!
Great answer. Great on Friends. Mine is Robin Williams. Miss his comic genius- won't ever be equaled. Loved his as voice of the Genie in Aladdin!	Oh nice. I liked him too.
Oh nice. I liked him too.	Williams pioneered the trend of celebs voicing animated film characters, but none of them could garner more laughs than he did in Aladdin. Hey, great to talk w/you. Hope you're a celeb, too!!
Williams pioneered the trend of celebs voicing animated film characters, but none of them could garner more laughs than he did in Aladdin. Hey, great to talk w/you. Hope you're a celeb, too!!	Hello there, do you follow football at all?
Hello there, do you follow football at all?	Not too much TBH, but I do find some of the little facts and details about it to be quite interesting. Like the pink locker room... LOL. Heard about that one?
Not too much TBH, but I do find some of the little facts and details about it to be quite interesting. Like the pink locker room... LOL. Heard about that one?	Yeah I think it was the university of Iowa in the visitors locker room if I'm correct.
Yeah I think it was the university of Iowa in the visitors locker room if I'm correct.	Yeah, that's it! A funny little way to try and psyche out your opponents, I think. They did a study once wher ethey painted a weight room pink and found the lifters couldn't lift as much weight as normal.
Yeah, that's it! A funny little way to try and psyche out your opponents, I think. They did a study once wher ethey painted a weight room pink and found the lifters couldn't lift as much weight as normal.	That is too funny, I wonder who ever came up with that idea to try in the first place.
That is too funny, I wonder who ever came up with that idea to try in the first place.	No clue. But I bet they had a good chuckle about it! How about you? Are you a big football fan?
No clue. But I bet they had a good chuckle about it! How about you? Are you a big football fan?	I am a pretty big fan both of american and world football, do you have a favorite NFL team?
I am a pretty big fan both of american and world football, do you have a favorite NFL team?	None in particular.. more familiar with certain players than I am teams. For instance, I admire how former patriot qb Benjarvus has NEVER fumbled the ball in his entire NFL career. That takes a lot of skill!
None in particular.. more familiar with certain players than I am teams. For instance, I admire how former patriot qb Benjarvus has NEVER fumbled the ball in his entire NFL career. That takes a lot of skill!	That is just crazy for a back to never fumble once! That takes an incredible amount of skill and concentration.
That is just crazy for a back to never fumble once! That takes an incredible amount of skill and concentration.	Pity Cumberland didn't have him on their team when they played Georgia TEch back in 1916. They lost that game 222 to ZERO. TWO HUNDRED AND TWENTY-TWO. Either GT was REALLY good or someone just wasn't trying that day!
Pity Cumberland didn't have him on their team when they played Georgia TEch back in 1916. They lost that game 222 to ZERO. TWO HUNDRED AND TWENTY-TWO. Either GT was REALLY good or someone just wasn't trying that day!	I can hardly believe that, it doesn't even sound like a game. It just sounds like a team ran from endzone to endzone.
I can hardly believe that, it doesn't even sound like a game. It just sounds like a team ran from endzone to endzone.	So, how about you? You got any teams or players you particularly like?
So, how about you? You got any teams or players you particularly like?	Yeah I am a Packers fan and was a huge Brett Favre fan to be honest.
Yeah I am a Packers fan and was a huge Brett Favre fan to be honest.	Oh, that's neat! Yeah, football is pretty popular these days, even though it's been going through a bit of a slump with all the latest controversies. Did you know at one point though, bowlers made more than football stars? Find that hard to believe.
Oh, that's neat! Yeah, football is pretty popular these days, even though it's been going through a bit of a slump with all the latest controversies. Did you know at one point though, bowlers made more than football stars? Find that hard to believe.	I think that is hilarious! But, it just goes to show just how much football has grown since then.
I think that is hilarious! But, it just goes to show just how much football has grown since then.	So, how about movies? You watch a lot of movies? I do when I get a chance. Mainly horror and comedy, but I do catch dramas on occasion.
So, how about movies? You watch a lot of movies? I do when I get a chance. Mainly horror and comedy, but I do catch dramas on occasion.	Yeah I do like to watch movies, there are some really good drama movies. How about you?
Yeah I do like to watch movies, there are some really good drama movies. How about you?	You know actor Michael Caine? They say he became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.
You know actor Michael Caine? They say he became an actor because all the prettiest girls in his school were in drama class.	I think that is awesome, funny what a simple move years earlier will do down the road.
I think that is awesome, funny what a simple move years earlier will do down the road.	Speaking of celebs, wonder what's up with Jim Carrey. I've heard his new "belief system" prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. Did he convert to something I wonder, or is it just a personal belief system?
Speaking of celebs, wonder what's up with Jim Carrey. I've heard his new "belief system" prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity. Did he convert to something I wonder, or is it just a personal belief system?	I am not sure, but I think he has put in his time to choose whatever projects he wants now. Anyways, good chatting with you, I hope you have a good day!
I am not sure, but I think he has put in his time to choose whatever projects he wants now. Anyways, good chatting with you, I hope you have a good day!	Hi there. Are you a football fan? Interesting that multiple sports coincide with the name.
Hi there. Are you a football fan? Interesting that multiple sports coincide with the name.	I'm not surprised. I do sometimes follow the American version. You?
I'm not surprised. I do sometimes follow the American version. You?	Nice. Yes I do as well, I think it is entertaining. I have also watched Aussie rules once but it is too confusing for me. Hard to believe that professional bowlers used to make more than football stars back in the 60's.
Nice. Yes I do as well, I think it is entertaining. I have also watched Aussie rules once but it is too confusing for me. Hard to believe that professional bowlers used to make more than football stars back in the 60's.	Bowlers probably enjoyed a lot of interest because people participated in local leagues. Plus college ball was popular. The pros hadn't gotten organized yet.
Bowlers probably enjoyed a lot of interest because people participated in local leagues. Plus college ball was popular. The pros hadn't gotten organized yet.	That's true good point. Now the footballers are cashing out. Hard to believe that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. What a killing.
That's true good point. Now the footballers are cashing out. Hard to believe that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. What a killing.	I got to wonder what the coach was thinking there. That sort of score seems cruel.
I got to wonder what the coach was thinking there. That sort of score seems cruel.	ha-ha yeah and The yellow first down line on tv makes it super easy to watch. Makes sense they made an Emmy for it.
ha-ha yeah and The yellow first down line on tv makes it super easy to watch. Makes sense they made an Emmy for it.	That must have been a weak year for awards. A line on the screen? Next they will get an award for animation. I think the line is useful, but not worth an award.
That must have been a weak year for awards. A line on the screen? Next they will get an award for animation. I think the line is useful, but not worth an award.	Yeah maybe so. most NFL players are regarded as celebrities these days. They get a lot of public attention. maybe too much.
Yeah maybe so. most NFL players are regarded as celebrities these days. They get a lot of public attention. maybe too much.	I think there's to much emphasis on money. I'm not sure how much attention they would get without it? College ball now is important because of the pro game. Money distorts everything.
I think there's to much emphasis on money. I'm not sure how much attention they would get without it? College ball now is important because of the pro game. Money distorts everything.	Yeah very true. And all the college players are complaining because they don't make a salary. Well just look at tv actors. Hugh Laurie earned 700,000 per episode in House. That is amazing.
Yeah very true. And all the college players are complaining because they don't make a salary. Well just look at tv actors. Hugh Laurie earned 700,000 per episode in House. That is amazing.	I understand the complaints by the college players. Everybody is making money except them. A few make it to the pros. Most of them struggle to finish the degree. Yes, I would rather be Hugh Laurie.
I understand the complaints by the college players. Everybody is making money except them. A few make it to the pros. Most of them struggle to finish the degree. Yes, I would rather be Hugh Laurie.	Yeah Hugh Laurie has got it made. Some actors do it for other reasons. Like Michael Caine who became an actor because all the prettiest girls were in drama class...smart man!
Yeah Hugh Laurie has got it made. Some actors do it for other reasons. Like Michael Caine who became an actor because all the prettiest girls were in drama class...smart man!	Smart man, indeed. No reason to hide your motivations. The girls are there, so he went there. It's as good a reason as any.
Smart man, indeed. No reason to hide your motivations. The girls are there, so he went there. It's as good a reason as any.	A lot of people are drawn to celebrities in my opinion. Maybe just to get access to the secret room for celebrities in Pixar Studios!
A lot of people are drawn to celebrities in my opinion. Maybe just to get access to the secret room for celebrities in Pixar Studios!	I want to see that room. Is it really special, or just a secret room? I wonder who has been in there.
I want to see that room. Is it really special, or just a secret room? I wonder who has been in there.	Seems like it would be cool to see, I bet lots of celebrities have been in there. Apparently the highest paid celebrity is Lebron James, then judge judy in second.
Seems like it would be cool to see, I bet lots of celebrities have been in there. Apparently the highest paid celebrity is Lebron James, then judge judy in second.	Lebron makes insane cash, and he gives lots of it away. He really has tried to help the community. A good celebrity.
Lebron makes insane cash, and he gives lots of it away. He really has tried to help the community. A good celebrity.	Yes I agree he does some good with his money for sure. Good like the celebrity tv chef in Ethiopia who thinks he can end world hunger!
Yes I agree he does some good with his money for sure. Good like the celebrity tv chef in Ethiopia who thinks he can end world hunger!	I think that celebrity is a form of power that can be used for good. Few people can maintain perspective when they become a celebrity.
I think that celebrity is a form of power that can be used for good. Few people can maintain perspective when they become a celebrity.	Exactly. Greed and power. Anyways it was nice talking with you, have a great day!
Exactly. Greed and power. Anyways it was nice talking with you, have a great day!	It is so crazy how many types of "football" there are
It is so crazy how many types of "football" there are	I like all forms, American being my favorite but I enjoy soccer and rugby as well. What about yourself?
I like all forms, American being my favorite but I enjoy soccer and rugby as well. What about yourself?	I like "futbol" best. Soccer has so much more action and talent in my opinion. though I'm impressed with the superimposed graphics in all of the sports that have made it easier to watch
I like "futbol" best. Soccer has so much more action and talent in my opinion. though I'm impressed with the superimposed graphics in all of the sports that have made it easier to watch	I agree, considering that in an football game that their is only on average 11 minutes of actual game play.
I agree, considering that in an football game that their is only on average 11 minutes of actual game play.	no way, I didn't realize that. I just also have a huge issue with how scummy the NFL is to it's players and how much they extort their fans and tax payers.
no way, I didn't realize that. I just also have a huge issue with how scummy the NFL is to it's players and how much they extort their fans and tax payers.	That is true. The NFL has really grown probably too much, in the 60's the top bowlers made double the top football stars.
That is true. The NFL has really grown probably too much, in the 60's the top bowlers made double the top football stars.	that is wild. I would like to see more people who are regular and down to earth perceived as that celebrity status and I would love to see a redistribution of wealth in this country. Celebrity status is always associated with wealth but I would want to see it associated with community involvement and activism more.
that is wild. I would like to see more people who are regular and down to earth perceived as that celebrity status and I would love to see a redistribution of wealth in this country. Celebrity status is always associated with wealth but I would want to see it associated with community involvement and activism more.	I know, they all make a ridiculous amount of money. Too much for any one person. I can't believe people pay $3000 for one ticket to the Superbowl.
I know, they all make a ridiculous amount of money. Too much for any one person. I can't believe people pay $3000 for one ticket to the Superbowl.	it's crooked for sure. organized sports is a racket. they should take care of their players more too. the concussions that that suffer! the brain damage it causes later...
it's crooked for sure. organized sports is a racket. they should take care of their players more too. the concussions that that suffer! the brain damage it causes later...	What else do you like to do? Do you enjoy TV and Movies?
What else do you like to do? Do you enjoy TV and Movies?	I like to watch TV and movies. I like things that make me laugh. The movie Liar Liar cracked me up when I was little. I was surprised to learn that Jim Carey won't play in dramas anymore because of his beliefs about positivity in the universe and stuff
I like to watch TV and movies. I like things that make me laugh. The movie Liar Liar cracked me up when I was little. I was surprised to learn that Jim Carey won't play in dramas anymore because of his beliefs about positivity in the universe and stuff	I still get a kick out of Liar Liar. I'm kicking my @$$! do you mind. Did you know that the Pixar studio has a secret room that celebrities often visit?
I still get a kick out of Liar Liar. I'm kicking my @$$! do you mind. Did you know that the Pixar studio has a secret room that celebrities often visit?	I have heard that before. I always wonder if it is more of an urban legend.
I have heard that before. I always wonder if it is more of an urban legend.	I guess you never know. Have you heard about the celebrity chef from Ethiopia, believes he can fight hunger in Ethiopia by encouraging people to eat more diverse food?
I guess you never know. Have you heard about the celebrity chef from Ethiopia, believes he can fight hunger in Ethiopia by encouraging people to eat more diverse food?	no that is amazing. I love the idea of diverse food. I think it is also important to recognize food waste. I would love to see more celebrity families using their power/fame to advocate for healthier things.
no that is amazing. I love the idea of diverse food. I think it is also important to recognize food waste. I would love to see more celebrity families using their power/fame to advocate for healthier things.	Celebrities really could do so much more! I mean Hugh Laurie made $700,000 per episode in house. that is just unfathomable.
Celebrities really could do so much more! I mean Hugh Laurie made $700,000 per episode in house. that is just unfathomable.	yeah and judge judy makes like $123k and episode
yeah and judge judy makes like $123k and episode	I know she is the 2nd highest paid celebrity after Lebron James.
I know she is the 2nd highest paid celebrity after Lebron James.	I wonder if either of them have been on sesame street like carol burnett
I wonder if either of them have been on sesame street like carol burnett	I wonder, there have been so many celebs on sesame over the years.
I wonder, there have been so many celebs on sesame over the years.	yes. there has been, I love how they teach emotional and educational things.
yes. there has been, I love how they teach emotional and educational things.	Do you like football?
Do you like football?	I do, I like the Patriots. I miss having Benjarvus Green-Ellis on our team. He never fumbled in his time with the Patriots or the Bengals.
I do, I like the Patriots. I miss having Benjarvus Green-Ellis on our team. He never fumbled in his time with the Patriots or the Bengals.	Did you espn invented the yellow line?
Did you espn invented the yellow line?	I did, and I heard they won an Emmy for it!
I did, and I heard they won an Emmy for it!	Seems crazy the refs still get it wrong so much then.
Seems crazy the refs still get it wrong so much then.	Yeah it does. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?
Yeah it does. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	222 to zero?
222 to zero?	Yep, in 1916 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad. I wonder if that was when they learned the triple option offense?
Yep, in 1916 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad. I wonder if that was when they learned the triple option offense?	Possibly. Maybe they should have told the losers their locker room would be painted pink if they lost?
Possibly. Maybe they should have told the losers their locker room would be painted pink if they lost?	I wonder if that's how Iowa got their visiting locker room painted that color?
I wonder if that's how Iowa got their visiting locker room painted that color?	Mind games haha. By the way, there is no rule against women in football
Mind games haha. By the way, there is no rule against women in football	I wonder why none have tried to play?
I wonder why none have tried to play?	There are some in high school levels but I have not heard of one in college yet.
There are some in high school levels but I have not heard of one in college yet.	I guess they don't want to have to deal with the drama. Speaking of that, did you know Michael Caine became an actor to meet girls in drama class?
I guess they don't want to have to deal with the drama. Speaking of that, did you know Michael Caine became an actor to meet girls in drama class?	the prettiest ones too,
the prettiest ones too,	Yup, also Jon Hamm taught Ellie Kemper in drama at his old high school. I wonder if the other kids could imagine they were in the presence of Don Draper and Erin?
Yup, also Jon Hamm taught Ellie Kemper in drama at his old high school. I wonder if the other kids could imagine they were in the presence of Don Draper and Erin?	Probably not at the time. Jim carrey does not do drama anymore because of his beliefs.
Probably not at the time. Jim carrey does not do drama anymore because of his beliefs.	I respect that, he just wants to project positive energy. I like his comedies alot more than his dramas.
I respect that, he just wants to project positive energy. I like his comedies alot more than his dramas.	That is pretty cool.
That is pretty cool.	Did you know that Pixar has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities?
Did you know that Pixar has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities?	I would find that creepy! Nice chat!
I would find that creepy! Nice chat!	Have a good night!
Have a good night!	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I know that Wilson was the only president to have a PhD
I know that Wilson was the only president to have a PhD	Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?
Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?	Hmm I have not idea who that would be, who is it?
Hmm I have not idea who that would be, who is it?	It is Jefferson, Washington and JFK
It is Jefferson, Washington and JFK	Nice. DId you know Lincoln was the first president that had a photo taken during the inauguration
Nice. DId you know Lincoln was the first president that had a photo taken during the inauguration	Nice. THe president of Indonesia is a pop star
Nice. THe president of Indonesia is a pop star	WOw nice. In the photo with Lincoln was also the John Wilkes booth
WOw nice. In the photo with Lincoln was also the John Wilkes booth	WOw. The Indonesia guy has already released three albums
WOw. The Indonesia guy has already released three albums	WOw good for him. Did you know in Guatemala relatives of the president cannot run for that position ever?
WOw good for him. Did you know in Guatemala relatives of the president cannot run for that position ever?	Nice, I guess that is how they combat issues with nepotism and such
Nice, I guess that is how they combat issues with nepotism and such	Maybe. DO you know that congress can declare someone a honorary citizen?
Maybe. DO you know that congress can declare someone a honorary citizen?	Nice, did not know that. The republicans and democrats play a game of baseball every year since 1909
Nice, did not know that. The republicans and democrats play a game of baseball every year since 1909	Nice, are they keeping score on who is winning?
Nice, are they keeping score on who is winning?	Yes the republicans are currently leading by three points
Yes the republicans are currently leading by three points	Nice. Steven Colbert is a supporter of work visas for immigrants and once went in front of the congress to defend that
Nice. Steven Colbert is a supporter of work visas for immigrants and once went in front of the congress to defend that	Wow that is amazing. Elmo also testified in front of COngress once?
Wow that is amazing. Elmo also testified in front of COngress once?	Elmo as in Elmo from Sesame Street?
Elmo as in Elmo from Sesame Street?	Yes and it is the only non human to testify
Yes and it is the only non human to testify	Wow cool. Do you watch much tv?
Wow cool. Do you watch much tv?	All the time actually, I like to watch the Simpsons, and you?
All the time actually, I like to watch the Simpsons, and you?	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Hello, Very good and you?
Hello, Very good and you?	Well, thanks. I read some interesting facts about congress.
Well, thanks. I read some interesting facts about congress.	Oh? What did you learn about congress? I was watching TV and watching the recap of the president speaking.
Oh? What did you learn about congress? I was watching TV and watching the recap of the president speaking.	There's a subway for congress to move between the capitol and their offices. I had no idea.
There's a subway for congress to move between the capitol and their offices. I had no idea.	Really? That is interesting. I have heard they have a fantasy congress kinda like fantasy football!
Really? That is interesting. I have heard they have a fantasy congress kinda like fantasy football!	I think that would be a good way to teach civics in high school. A nice season for fantasy congress and they will learn.
I think that would be a good way to teach civics in high school. A nice season for fantasy congress and they will learn.	Exactly! learn a lot probably. I heard on the TV that the US congress plays baseball, haha...
Exactly! learn a lot probably. I heard on the TV that the US congress plays baseball, haha...	That's a weird sport for them to choose. I would think basketball...
That's a weird sport for them to choose. I would think basketball...	They have been playing since the early 1900's, interesting! The Republicans are leading.
They have been playing since the early 1900's, interesting! The Republicans are leading.	That's a long time. Do they have try outs or can anyone play?
That's a long time. Do they have try outs or can anyone play?	Not sure on that but interesting question! They probably just have to be in Congress.
Not sure on that but interesting question! They probably just have to be in Congress.	If they are a woman, they just got the right to wear pants in the 90s...
If they are a woman, they just got the right to wear pants in the 90s...	Just like in 1916 the 1st woman was elected to congress before she could even vote. Pretty crazy!
Just like in 1916 the 1st woman was elected to congress before she could even vote. Pretty crazy!	In my opinion- and I am sorry if this offends you- we still have many race and sexism issues in America.
In my opinion- and I am sorry if this offends you- we still have many race and sexism issues in America.	Oh, no problem! I have to agree. Definitely true!
Oh, no problem! I have to agree. Definitely true!	As a white guy, I have some regret about our countries history. I also have some regret about our role in the me too movement.
As a white guy, I have some regret about our countries history. I also have some regret about our role in the me too movement.	I have to say that I find it refreshing to hear you say this. I am sure many feel the same but nobody talks about it. What do you think about the President?
I have to say that I find it refreshing to hear you say this. I am sure many feel the same but nobody talks about it. What do you think about the President?	I am not impressed with him at all. And I say that as a republican. I don't believe he is a good person.
I am not impressed with him at all. And I say that as a republican. I don't believe he is a good person.	I could not agree more. I have people verbally attack me for saying the president is not a good fit nor person. I am not Dem or Rep. I guess I linger in the middle.
I could not agree more. I have people verbally attack me for saying the president is not a good fit nor person. I am not Dem or Rep. I guess I linger in the middle.	I guess I am more in the middle too but I lean conservative financially but am as liberal as can be socially. Nice chatting with you!
I guess I am more in the middle too but I lean conservative financially but am as liberal as can be socially. Nice chatting with you!	hello!
hello!	Hello, did you know that the government shut down because of Trump?
Hello, did you know that the government shut down because of Trump?	I am very aware, it has been a crazy time with this President.
I am very aware, it has been a crazy time with this President.	I agree. Speaking of presidents, the first president of Zimbabwe was dubbed banana. He must like bananas
I agree. Speaking of presidents, the first president of Zimbabwe was dubbed banana. He must like bananas	Haha, that is an odd name for a president! It is as funny as the president in Indonesia that made 3 pop albums while he was in office....must have had a lot of time on his hands!
Haha, that is an odd name for a president! It is as funny as the president in Indonesia that made 3 pop albums while he was in office....must have had a lot of time on his hands!	I know right? The president in Indonesia is like the asian version of Kanye West. Doesn't Kanye West want to run for president?
I know right? The president in Indonesia is like the asian version of Kanye West. Doesn't Kanye West want to run for president?	I have heard that on television that Kanye wants to run for president ...don't know how well that will work out but crazier things have happened! Almost as funny as how congress has a fantasy congress that they draft members of congress lol....so much comedy :)
I have heard that on television that Kanye wants to run for president ...don't know how well that will work out but crazier things have happened! Almost as funny as how congress has a fantasy congress that they draft members of congress lol....so much comedy :)	Wasn't he talking to Trump recently? He wants to make a difference in politics. Drafting members? That makes me think of basketball players getting drafted from one team to the next.
Wasn't he talking to Trump recently? He wants to make a difference in politics. Drafting members? That makes me think of basketball players getting drafted from one team to the next.	Yes, Kanye was in the White House visiting the president not too long ago, I watched the video on the television. It was very very crazy...Kanye had to shut down his social media accounts because of backlash.
Yes, Kanye was in the White House visiting the president not too long ago, I watched the video on the television. It was very very crazy...Kanye had to shut down his social media accounts because of backlash.	I was curious why Kanye did that!!! Now I know why he stopped his social media!
I was curious why Kanye did that!!! Now I know why he stopped his social media!	Yep, it was really not good PR for Kanye. But I am sure it will blow over. Did you see on TV the State of The Union Address tonight by President Trump?
Yep, it was really not good PR for Kanye. But I am sure it will blow over. Did you see on TV the State of The Union Address tonight by President Trump?	Oh I think so.
Oh I think so.	I was just curious I missed it, but I am sure there will be replays on TV later.
I was just curious I missed it, but I am sure there will be replays on TV later.	I do not plan to watch it. I only wait for the news for the results
I do not plan to watch it. I only wait for the news for the results	Yeah, social media is already talking about it, I probably won't watch Tv tonight anyway lol. I have a couple Tv shows to watch, do you watch TV?
Yeah, social media is already talking about it, I probably won't watch Tv tonight anyway lol. I have a couple Tv shows to watch, do you watch TV?	I do watch TV but not politics. I find it crazy that there are a lot of pokemon episodes beyond my expectation.
I do watch TV but not politics. I find it crazy that there are a lot of pokemon episodes beyond my expectation.	Yes, there have been over 750 episodes for 16 years. I don't know if it is still on tv....
Yes, there have been over 750 episodes for 16 years. I don't know if it is still on tv....	It is on television. Also, they have it in Netflix as well. I love the first season of Pokemon. Ash is still 10 years old to this very day.
It is on television. Also, they have it in Netflix as well. I love the first season of Pokemon. Ash is still 10 years old to this very day.	Oh really? I didn't know if it was still on anywhere or if it was TV reruns. I watch The Simpson reruns
Oh really? I didn't know if it was still on anywhere or if it was TV reruns. I watch The Simpson reruns	They should be on television reruns. Anyways, the Simpson reruns are only online, from my preference.
They should be on television reruns. Anyways, the Simpson reruns are only online, from my preference.	Oh, I watch them. It is also fun to watch That 70s Show, love it, one of my fav TV shows! It has been great chatting!
Oh, I watch them. It is also fun to watch That 70s Show, love it, one of my fav TV shows! It has been great chatting!	It was a great conversation!
It was a great conversation!	Congress can be interesting. Like them all being older and still playing in the annual dems v reps baseball game.
Congress can be interesting. Like them all being older and still playing in the annual dems v reps baseball game.	I guess they also take their rivalry to the courts, they sure have interesting traditions like that one
I guess they also take their rivalry to the courts, they sure have interesting traditions like that one	yes but I wonder how letting elmo testify worked out being the only non human to do so.
yes but I wonder how letting elmo testify worked out being the only non human to do so.	He did? that's so funny, I wonder why the congress allowed that it seems like its a circus at times
He did? that's so funny, I wonder why the congress allowed that it seems like its a circus at times	yes for people who take themselves seriously it can be interesting at times.
yes for people who take themselves seriously it can be interesting at times.	There is a fantasy congress league, that sounds kind of boring
There is a fantasy congress league, that sounds kind of boring	Yeah I'm guessing fantasy football isnt for everyone.
Yeah I'm guessing fantasy football isnt for everyone.	I guess its not, players draft members of congress and they earn points based on legislative success
I guess its not, players draft members of congress and they earn points based on legislative success	Well I guess if they wanted to make thing interesting they can do like indonesias president and release 3 pop albums while in office.
Well I guess if they wanted to make thing interesting they can do like indonesias president and release 3 pop albums while in office.	I heard about that, Trump should get working if he want to release a pop album before his time in office is over
I heard about that, Trump should get working if he want to release a pop album before his time in office is over	You know it probably wouldnt be very surprising if he came out with an album while in office haha.
You know it probably wouldnt be very surprising if he came out with an album while in office haha.	He should, I hear him and Kanye are really close so that could be a real thing, I would buy that album
He should, I hear him and Kanye are really close so that could be a real thing, I would buy that album	I think it would sell. He could give himself a name like zimbabwes first president. President banana.
I think it would sell. He could give himself a name like zimbabwes first president. President banana.	I think that was actually the name of the president, it was Canaan Banana, sounds like a nickname but no, actual name
I think that was actually the name of the president, it was Canaan Banana, sounds like a nickname but no, actual name	poor guy. but hey he made it to presidency so couldnt have been too bad.
poor guy. but hey he made it to presidency so couldnt have been too bad.	I guess everybody teased him as a little kid, called him a fruit and then some other rude things
I guess everybody teased him as a little kid, called him a fruit and then some other rude things	so how does the presidents guest house being bigger than the white house work?
so how does the presidents guest house being bigger than the white house work?	I have no idea about that I guess many visitors from different nations, really big place
I have no idea about that I guess many visitors from different nations, really big place	That must be a fun fact for incoming presidents.
That must be a fun fact for incoming presidents.	I bet it is, so do you like to watch TV?
I bet it is, so do you like to watch TV?	I do. I find the Simpsons to be a funny show to help unwind. hard to believe after all those episode Bart is only excluded from one.
I do. I find the Simpsons to be a funny show to help unwind. hard to believe after all those episode Bart is only excluded from one.	Thats hard to believe yeah, the show has been on many years and then Bart is only excluded in one episode, I sure wonder why.
Thats hard to believe yeah, the show has been on many years and then Bart is only excluded in one episode, I sure wonder why.	Hi, how are you doing this fine morning?
Hi, how are you doing this fine morning?	I'm doing well. It appears that people in Gaza are not as there were some deaths according to the Israeli defense minister.
I'm doing well. It appears that people in Gaza are not as there were some deaths according to the Israeli defense minister.	Yes, I heard about that incident apparently it happened during a protest at the border that was done to mark the anniversary of land appropriation by Israel in 1976.
Yes, I heard about that incident apparently it happened during a protest at the border that was done to mark the anniversary of land appropriation by Israel in 1976.	Yeah, it looks like 15 palestinians died. Did you know the first computer also was written by a women?
Yeah, it looks like 15 palestinians died. Did you know the first computer also was written by a women?	No, I didn't know that little tidbit, but it wouldn't surprise me at all.
No, I didn't know that little tidbit, but it wouldn't surprise me at all.	Apparently her name was Ada Lovelace.
Apparently her name was Ada Lovelace.	Well, that seems like a pretty old fashioned name.
Well, that seems like a pretty old fashioned name.	Hilarious, well Windows 95 was the 2nd most installed piece of software installed on computes, but number 1 was Doom. Have you ever played it?
Hilarious, well Windows 95 was the 2nd most installed piece of software installed on computes, but number 1 was Doom. Have you ever played it?	No, I haven't I'm not much of a gamer. Crossword puzzles and riddles are more my thing.
No, I haven't I'm not much of a gamer. Crossword puzzles and riddles are more my thing.	Awesome. The first google computer at Stanford was housed in custom made enclosures constructed from legos.
Awesome. The first google computer at Stanford was housed in custom made enclosures constructed from legos.	That's nice, my grandson loves legos. Getting back to the Gaza situation. You know that must be an awful way to have to life your everyday life.
That's nice, my grandson loves legos. Getting back to the Gaza situation. You know that must be an awful way to have to life your everyday life.	I'm not sure, it doesn't sound fun. I've never been there. No desire to visit. I hear a lot about it on the radio.
I'm not sure, it doesn't sound fun. I've never been there. No desire to visit. I hear a lot about it on the radio.	Me either. Speaking of radio, did you know that by Canadian law all radios must play at least 40% Canadian music. Isn't that wild?
Me either. Speaking of radio, did you know that by Canadian law all radios must play at least 40% Canadian music. Isn't that wild?	No, how bizarre? I don't even know any canadian musicians.
No, how bizarre? I don't even know any canadian musicians.	Celine Dion, is the only one I can think of.
Celine Dion, is the only one I can think of.	Ah, yeah. How could I forget her. I've only been to Canada twice, have you been?
Ah, yeah. How could I forget her. I've only been to Canada twice, have you been?	Yes, a couple just mainly to see Niagra Falls, though.But, I didn't listen to the radio so I can't tell you if the 40% rule was being adhered to or not. Lol
Yes, a couple just mainly to see Niagra Falls, though.But, I didn't listen to the radio so I can't tell you if the 40% rule was being adhered to or not. Lol	I've been to Niagra falls. Apparently there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sounds.
I've been to Niagra falls. Apparently there is a radio station that translates solar activity into sounds.	That's cool. I heard that Jupiterhas radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
That's cool. I heard that Jupiterhas radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.	yeah, maybe that is what is also causing the solar wind?
yeah, maybe that is what is also causing the solar wind?	Maybe. It's been nice chatting with you this morning. I need to go grocery shopping, I'll talk with you later.
Maybe. It's been nice chatting with you this morning. I need to go grocery shopping, I'll talk with you later.	hi, do you know much about the president?
hi, do you know much about the president?	Well, I think i am learning more everyday. I respect the office of the presidency. I visited to White House an noticed how much larger the guest house seemed to be. I was looking from far away though.
Well, I think i am learning more everyday. I respect the office of the presidency. I visited to White House an noticed how much larger the guest house seemed to be. I was looking from far away though.	yeah that is strange, maybe they just get a lot of guests
yeah that is strange, maybe they just get a lot of guests	Hmmm, that is an observation for sure. I am fascinated by the wealthy presidents which were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Do you know anything about the presidency?
Hmmm, that is an observation for sure. I am fascinated by the wealthy presidents which were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Do you know anything about the presidency?	I know the president of indonesia is a pop artist
I know the president of indonesia is a pop artist	Oh really? How stange for sure. The first president of zimbabwe had the nickname Banana. What a hoot. I don't know how to take a president serious with a nickname like Banana. It reminds me of a kids song.
Oh really? How stange for sure. The first president of zimbabwe had the nickname Banana. What a hoot. I don't know how to take a president serious with a nickname like Banana. It reminds me of a kids song.	Yeah they guy went on to release three albums
Yeah they guy went on to release three albums	Release albums? Weird. The U.S used to have some interesting procedures for electing the president. The runner up was automatically the vice pres. until 1805 when it changed and became the way it is today.
Release albums? Weird. The U.S used to have some interesting procedures for electing the president. The runner up was automatically the vice pres. until 1805 when it changed and became the way it is today.	Yeah glad it changed otherwise I could not see Trump and Clinton working with each other
Yeah glad it changed otherwise I could not see Trump and Clinton working with each other	No, that would not be a good match, infact. I totally agree with you on that.
No, that would not be a good match, infact. I totally agree with you on that.	do you use your computer much?
do you use your computer much?	Yeah, I use it all the time. I use programs all the time too. I use my microwave everyday and that is because a computer controls it. Computers are every I look in my house. Robots and computers-aided designs are in most every electronic now.
Yeah, I use it all the time. I use programs all the time too. I use my microwave everyday and that is because a computer controls it. Computers are every I look in my house. Robots and computers-aided designs are in most every electronic now.	that is very true. did you know apple voidds the warranty if you smoke near their computers
that is very true. did you know apple voidds the warranty if you smoke near their computers	I have never heard of that, hmmm? That must be in the small print. It must be because smoking is a biohazard of sorts.
I have never heard of that, hmmm? That must be in the small print. It must be because smoking is a biohazard of sorts.	yeah I think that is the reason too but I had not heard of it before either
yeah I think that is the reason too but I had not heard of it before either	Pretty interesting for sure. I learned that someone built a working computer from 16-bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks, truly amazing. A long time ago in 1936 the russians also built a computer that ran on water. The race to build computers was on.
Pretty interesting for sure. I learned that someone built a working computer from 16-bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks, truly amazing. A long time ago in 1936 the russians also built a computer that ran on water. The race to build computers was on.	and it still seems to be. do you listen tot he radio much?
and it still seems to be. do you listen tot he radio much?	I often listen to a website that has thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas and its all for free. I appreciate the fact that the website offers it for free.
I often listen to a website that has thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas and its all for free. I appreciate the fact that the website offers it for free.	yeah me too that is really nice. you can also catch Jupiter's storms on the radio
yeah me too that is really nice. you can also catch Jupiter's storms on the radio	I have enjoyed that recently. I wish I could understand the latin channel. Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini'
I have enjoyed that recently. I wish I could understand the latin channel. Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini'	that is amazing wonder how many listeners they have. nice chat
that is amazing wonder how many listeners they have. nice chat	Do you listen to the radio much?
Do you listen to the radio much?	I enjoy the radio from time to time, but mostly listen to Apple Music. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by am radio!
I enjoy the radio from time to time, but mostly listen to Apple Music. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by am radio!	Wow! I wonder what that sounds like? Do you think that they're storms like they kind we experience on earth?
Wow! I wonder what that sounds like? Do you think that they're storms like they kind we experience on earth?	That's a good question I guess they would sound like static. Radio carries sound using electromagnetic energy so I think it interferes with that.
That's a good question I guess they would sound like static. Radio carries sound using electromagnetic energy so I think it interferes with that.	Radios are supposed to be somewhat simple machines, they say that soldiers in WWII made them out of razorblades and pencils but I find that so hard to imagine!
Radios are supposed to be somewhat simple machines, they say that soldiers in WWII made them out of razorblades and pencils but I find that so hard to imagine!	Oh yeah the foxhole radios? I need to look that up on my computer! Speaking of computers did you know that smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty as it makes it a biohazard?
Oh yeah the foxhole radios? I need to look that up on my computer! Speaking of computers did you know that smoking near an apple computer voids the warranty as it makes it a biohazard?	That's so weird! You'd think smoke of some kind was used to make the computer to begin with. I guess those people are all covered up though, right? I wonder if there are other things on their biohazard list
That's so weird! You'd think smoke of some kind was used to make the computer to begin with. I guess those people are all covered up though, right? I wonder if there are other things on their biohazard list	Yes I would like to know that as well. You ever heard of transhumanists? It is a group of people who want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks!
Yes I would like to know that as well. You ever heard of transhumanists? It is a group of people who want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks!	I didn't know there was a name for a person like that. All that type of stuff seems so Twilight Zone it's hard to imagine that it could be real. What do you think they hope to accomplish by that?
I didn't know there was a name for a person like that. All that type of stuff seems so Twilight Zone it's hard to imagine that it could be real. What do you think they hope to accomplish by that?	Yes I think it's very odd too. They probably want to live on forever. Maybe the Russians will find a way. They found a way to build a computer that ran on water!
Yes I think it's very odd too. They probably want to live on forever. Maybe the Russians will find a way. They found a way to build a computer that ran on water!	That seems counter intuitive doesn't it? Although maybe "running on water" means like water power like dams and the like?
That seems counter intuitive doesn't it? Although maybe "running on water" means like water power like dams and the like?	Yes that's a good theory. I think you could be right. I didn't know that simple devices like microwave ovens and remote controls were considered computer devices!
Yes that's a good theory. I think you could be right. I didn't know that simple devices like microwave ovens and remote controls were considered computer devices!	I've never really thought about it before but I guess that makes sense because you input commands into a microwave and it does what you ask, right?
I've never really thought about it before but I guess that makes sense because you input commands into a microwave and it does what you ask, right?	True yes. Someone even built a working computer using the basic minecraft building blocks. It was only a 16-bit computer though but still!
True yes. Someone even built a working computer using the basic minecraft building blocks. It was only a 16-bit computer though but still!	I can't imagine ever doing that, could you? These people who are building radios and computers from stuff just lying around truly amaze me
I can't imagine ever doing that, could you? These people who are building radios and computers from stuff just lying around truly amaze me	No I could never! Yes they are so smart with tech! The space shuttles general purpose computer only runs on 1mb of Ram!
No I could never! Yes they are so smart with tech! The space shuttles general purpose computer only runs on 1mb of Ram!	How is that even possible? That seems like so little! I wonder if there are so many computers involved on board and at ground control that they don't need to be that powerful
How is that even possible? That seems like so little! I wonder if there are so many computers involved on board and at ground control that they don't need to be that powerful	Yeah I don't understand it all in its entirety to be honest! Just as long as the president knows what's going on! The top 3 wealthiest presidents have been JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
Yeah I don't understand it all in its entirety to be honest! Just as long as the president knows what's going on! The top 3 wealthiest presidents have been JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!	Oh really? I wonder how Trump compares to them now?
Oh really? I wonder how Trump compares to them now?	I would guess he would be number one. I wonder if the president of Indonesia cashed out with his pop albums? Well it was nice talking with you!
I would guess he would be number one. I wonder if the president of Indonesia cashed out with his pop albums? Well it was nice talking with you!	Nice talking with you!
Nice talking with you!	Have a good one!
Have a good one!	Hey, Merry Christmas
Hey, Merry Christmas	Thanks for you, how much do you know about computers
Thanks for you, how much do you know about computers	I suppose that I know more than the average individual, but I wouldn't consider myself to be an expert by any means. I know that if you smoke around Apple computers, it voids their warranty
I suppose that I know more than the average individual, but I wouldn't consider myself to be an expert by any means. I know that if you smoke around Apple computers, it voids their warranty	Did you know that a pc can receive instructions to perform sequences of arithmetic operations?
Did you know that a pc can receive instructions to perform sequences of arithmetic operations?	Well, a calculator can do that too (which is also a computer) haha! It blows my mind that our modern computers contain 200+mb of RAM while the space shuttle's computer only runs on 1mb
Well, a calculator can do that too (which is also a computer) haha! It blows my mind that our modern computers contain 200+mb of RAM while the space shuttle's computer only runs on 1mb	if so it must be that according to their functions, some computers work better with a certain amount of RAM but others do not
if so it must be that according to their functions, some computers work better with a certain amount of RAM but others do not	That may be so. Otherwise the computer must be aided by a plethora of other systems, e.g. industrial robots and other computers. If the Russians can make computers that run on water, I'm sure that we can accomplish quite a bit in life.
That may be so. Otherwise the computer must be aided by a plethora of other systems, e.g. industrial robots and other computers. If the Russians can make computers that run on water, I'm sure that we can accomplish quite a bit in life.	Sure, what if we talk about the radio. Did you know that radio waves can be used to transport information
Sure, what if we talk about the radio. Did you know that radio waves can be used to transport information	Yes, I know that by changing features such as wavelength, amplitude, etc, we can vary the energy of the waves and, subsequently, the information conveyed by them
Yes, I know that by changing features such as wavelength, amplitude, etc, we can vary the energy of the waves and, subsequently, the information conveyed by them	If so, incredible. Now let's talk about politics tell me what party do you support
If so, incredible. Now let's talk about politics tell me what party do you support	I don't really support any of the most popular parties. If I had to choose, however, I would be "Independent." With politics in mind, I hope that the Israelis and Palestinians are able to enjoy their Christmas this year. Their recent history has been a little traumatic
I don't really support any of the most popular parties. If I had to choose, however, I would be "Independent." With politics in mind, I hope that the Israelis and Palestinians are able to enjoy their Christmas this year. Their recent history has been a little traumatic	I mean to support the republican party, I respect your opinion.
I mean to support the republican party, I respect your opinion.	I agree. I know that the situations in the Middle East are very complex and are unlike anything that I experience in the USA
I agree. I know that the situations in the Middle East are very complex and are unlike anything that I experience in the USA	That's right, I am a Christian and I respect the people of Israel a lot, but I am also very helpless in the terrorist acts that are carried out by people from the Middle East
That's right, I am a Christian and I respect the people of Israel a lot, but I am also very helpless in the terrorist acts that are carried out by people from the Middle East	Out of curiosity, how do you feel about Hamas? Do you perceive them to be aggressors vs. protectors of Palestinians? Why?
Out of curiosity, how do you feel about Hamas? Do you perceive them to be aggressors vs. protectors of Palestinians? Why?	IF they are aggressors I think they are hypocrites
IF they are aggressors I think they are hypocrites	100% agree. Unfortunately, that is too often the case in this world
100% agree. Unfortunately, that is too often the case in this world	Sure, with respect to the presidents, I think there are very few who do their work in a disinterested way without thinking about their own interests
Sure, with respect to the presidents, I think there are very few who do their work in a disinterested way without thinking about their own interests	Do you think that our last election has focused more attention than ever before (at least in the past 20 years) on the President and his interests?
Do you think that our last election has focused more attention than ever before (at least in the past 20 years) on the President and his interests?	Of course, but I think that presidents should be more conscious in helping the nation
Of course, but I think that presidents should be more conscious in helping the nation	Absolutely. I believe that there is too much corporate support, which breeds corruption. In what ways do you believe that the Pres. should focus his/her attention?
Absolutely. I believe that there is too much corporate support, which breeds corruption. In what ways do you believe that the Pres. should focus his/her attention?	If so, I think that it should focus on the most needy American families and on generating jobs in the suburbs and I think we've ended up friend
If so, I think that it should focus on the most needy American families and on generating jobs in the suburbs and I think we've ended up friend	It's been great talking to you. I hope that you have a pleasant time today with family/friends. Merry Christmas!
It's been great talking to you. I hope that you have a pleasant time today with family/friends. Merry Christmas!	thanks to you, may God bless you brother
thanks to you, may God bless you brother	You as well
You as well	thanks for your time
thanks for your time	Hi. How are you?
Hi. How are you?	Good morning and well; thank you for asking as well as chatting with me this morning! Do you know that in 1936 a computer was made by the Russians that ran on water?
Good morning and well; thank you for asking as well as chatting with me this morning! Do you know that in 1936 a computer was made by the Russians that ran on water?	Yes. Its amazing what some people can come up with.
Yes. Its amazing what some people can come up with.	I for one am not that smart but for some to build a working computer that runs on water or like another that built a 16-bit computer using the basic building blocks from the minecraft building game is amazing to me.
I for one am not that smart but for some to build a working computer that runs on water or like another that built a 16-bit computer using the basic building blocks from the minecraft building game is amazing to me.	Its really something that they could build a computer from minecraft building blocks.
Its really something that they could build a computer from minecraft building blocks.	Do you know that computers by the apple corporation can be labeled as biohazard an d the warrenty becomes void if they are smoked around?
Do you know that computers by the apple corporation can be labeled as biohazard an d the warrenty becomes void if they are smoked around?	Yes. I had read that somewhere.
Yes. I had read that somewhere.	I have also heard that some transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers as well as to memory sticks; I mean how is that even possible or done for that matter?
I have also heard that some transhumanists want to upload their minds to computers as well as to memory sticks; I mean how is that even possible or done for that matter?	I would pay to see that.
I would pay to see that.	You and I both; HA HA! I was reading a factoid book the other day of weird and interesting facts and do you know that the first president in Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
You and I both; HA HA! I was reading a factoid book the other day of weird and interesting facts and do you know that the first president in Zimbabwe was called President Banana?	No I didnt that is pretty funny.
No I didnt that is pretty funny.	I just wonder who and how these things are come up with? For example; the president of Indonesia released three pop albums while in office, do they have that much free time as president to entertain the possibility of singing?
I just wonder who and how these things are come up with? For example; the president of Indonesia released three pop albums while in office, do they have that much free time as president to entertain the possibility of singing?	I have read that before. Maybe he was in show business before he was elected.
I have read that before. Maybe he was in show business before he was elected.	I would think that is a possibility as well. Do you know the three most richest US presidents were that of JFK, Jefferson and Washington?
I would think that is a possibility as well. Do you know the three most richest US presidents were that of JFK, Jefferson and Washington?	Yes. I read once that Jefferson was very wealthy.
Yes. I read once that Jefferson was very wealthy.	I by no means want to be president I just want enough money that my bills are paid and I have enough left over to eat until the next payday. I do find it interesting though that the guest house to the White House is larger that the White House it's self.
I by no means want to be president I just want enough money that my bills are paid and I have enough left over to eat until the next payday. I do find it interesting though that the guest house to the White House is larger that the White House it's self.	That is a surprise
That is a surprise	Do you listen much to the radio? I do at times and find it interesting to know that in WW2 a radio was made by some soldiers from a razor blade and a pencil calling them foxhold radio's.
Do you listen much to the radio? I do at times and find it interesting to know that in WW2 a radio was made by some soldiers from a razor blade and a pencil calling them foxhold radio's.	I have read that before. I keep meaning to look up on the internet how to do that.
I have read that before. I keep meaning to look up on the internet how to do that.	I just find it interesting at some of things people come up with of the simplest things and make something functional as a result.
I just find it interesting at some of things people come up with of the simplest things and make something functional as a result.	I guess when people have a need for something, they can get it done in most cases.
I guess when people have a need for something, they can get it done in most cases.	The mother of inventing is that of a need I was always reminded from my grandmother! Did you know that Jupiter has storms so strong that they can be picked up on an AM radio?
The mother of inventing is that of a need I was always reminded from my grandmother! Did you know that Jupiter has storms so strong that they can be picked up on an AM radio?	I did read that somewhere. I would like to listen to one of those storms on the radio.
I did read that somewhere. I would like to listen to one of those storms on the radio.	I think it would be really cool to listen to as well. I mean compared to storm I have here as my own house at times would there be anything similar you think?
I think it would be really cool to listen to as well. I mean compared to storm I have here as my own house at times would there be anything similar you think?	I do not think we have anything similar on earth.
I do not think we have anything similar on earth.	Just simple things I seem to wonder about at times I suppose, I mean is a storm here by any means the same as another planet? in a sense I would think yes but on the other hand maybe no? The basic foundation would be the same but maybe it is the level of actual waves of electricity would differ?
Just simple things I seem to wonder about at times I suppose, I mean is a storm here by any means the same as another planet? in a sense I would think yes but on the other hand maybe no? The basic foundation would be the same but maybe it is the level of actual waves of electricity would differ?	I think the difference in the atmosphere would make the storms very different.
I think the difference in the atmosphere would make the storms very different.	You are probably correct on that! I am going to have to investigate that further this afternoon I think and see if I can find that radio station and see if I can find the sounds of a storm on Jupiter and see how it compares to a storm here on earth.
You are probably correct on that! I am going to have to investigate that further this afternoon I think and see if I can find that radio station and see if I can find the sounds of a storm on Jupiter and see how it compares to a storm here on earth.	Well its been nice talking to you. Have a nice day.
Well its been nice talking to you. Have a nice day.	I agree; I hope you have a fantastic day as well.
I agree; I hope you have a fantastic day as well.	I am having trouble twith the done button on my side. there may be a glitch.
I am having trouble twith the done button on my side. there may be a glitch.	Good Morning.
Good Morning.	Good morning. How are you? I am hanging out on my computer this morning.
Good morning. How are you? I am hanging out on my computer this morning.	Really, thats cool. Did you know that somebody built a 16 bit computer out of basic minecraft building blocks and the thing actually worked?
Really, thats cool. Did you know that somebody built a 16 bit computer out of basic minecraft building blocks and the thing actually worked?	No, but that is impressive! Back in 1936 a computer that ran on water was built by the Russians. Sounds like they were ahead of their time!
No, but that is impressive! Back in 1936 a computer that ran on water was built by the Russians. Sounds like they were ahead of their time!	I read about that awhile back. It was made to calculate pouring concrete if I remember correctly.
I read about that awhile back. It was made to calculate pouring concrete if I remember correctly.	Oh, I was unaware. Do you know about Apple's computer warranty restrictions?
Oh, I was unaware. Do you know about Apple's computer warranty restrictions?	I heard about it. I don't think that's right. I don't see how they would even know in the first place though.
I heard about it. I don't think that's right. I don't see how they would even know in the first place though.	I would think the tar from smoking around the compute would collect on the inner parts just like it does inside of a smoker's house.
I would think the tar from smoking around the compute would collect on the inner parts just like it does inside of a smoker's house.	I dont know you may be right. Have you heard about transhuminists. People who want to put their minds into computers.
I dont know you may be right. Have you heard about transhuminists. People who want to put their minds into computers.	That is insane! How do they think their minds can be uploaded to a memory stick?
That is insane! How do they think their minds can be uploaded to a memory stick?	I have no idea. I would say the electrical impulses in the brain somehow control the computer. Not sure though. Im no transhuminist. Lol.
I have no idea. I would say the electrical impulses in the brain somehow control the computer. Not sure though. Im no transhuminist. Lol.	No I'm not either, so no idea. I thought the space shuttle computer was heftier than it is, but it only runs on 1 mb of ram.
No I'm not either, so no idea. I thought the space shuttle computer was heftier than it is, but it only runs on 1 mb of ram.	That is amazing. On another topic. Did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?
That is amazing. On another topic. Did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?	No, I did not. Maybe it's that way so no guests can stay in the White House.
No, I did not. Maybe it's that way so no guests can stay in the White House.	Maybe that is why. I heard that the president of indonesia has released pop albums. You would think he would be to busy for stuff like that.
Maybe that is why. I heard that the president of indonesia has released pop albums. You would think he would be to busy for stuff like that.	I know our President is too busy for that. On a funny note, President Banana was the name given to Zimbabwe's first President.
I know our President is too busy for that. On a funny note, President Banana was the name given to Zimbabwe's first President.	I wonder if he was born with that name or if he was actually given the name later?
I wonder if he was born with that name or if he was actually given the name later?	It sounds like it was a given name. I'm glad that in the US the Presidential election runner up no longer automatically becomes the VP. I wonder what things were like before 1805 when the rule changed.
It sounds like it was a given name. I'm glad that in the US the Presidential election runner up no longer automatically becomes the VP. I wonder what things were like before 1805 when the rule changed.	I think in those days it was more about geting the country up and running. Theuy were more worried about the british in those days than each other. All americans had a special bond bac then, because they all fought together for independence.
I think in those days it was more about geting the country up and running. Theuy were more worried about the british in those days than each other. All americans had a special bond bac then, because they all fought together for independence.	That makes sense. They knew how to get a long even across party lines.
That makes sense. They knew how to get a long even across party lines.	I would say that those guys would be ashamed to see how things are today in the elections. I better be getting off here though. Have a good one.
I would say that those guys would be ashamed to see how things are today in the elections. I better be getting off here though. Have a good one.	It was nice chatting. You have a good day as well.
It was nice chatting. You have a good day as well.	Do you use computers a lot?
Do you use computers a lot?	I do, all of the time. It's hard to believe someone created a computer that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically via programming.
I do, all of the time. It's hard to believe someone created a computer that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically via programming.	That is crazy right, well the Russians did make a computer that ran on water back in the year 1936
That is crazy right, well the Russians did make a computer that ran on water back in the year 1936	That is pretty forward thinking for the time. I know smoking by an apple computer voids the warranty by making it a bio hazzard.
That is pretty forward thinking for the time. I know smoking by an apple computer voids the warranty by making it a bio hazzard.	That a terrible way to lose a warranty, computers have advanced a lot over the years
That a terrible way to lose a warranty, computers have advanced a lot over the years	They sure have. Someone has built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.
They sure have. Someone has built a working 16 bit computer using nothing but the basic minecraft building blocks.	That is crazy, must require a lot of skill, building a computer out of minecraft blocks
That is crazy, must require a lot of skill, building a computer out of minecraft blocks	I would say so.
I would say so.	Do you know the space shuttle general purpose computer?
Do you know the space shuttle general purpose computer?	I have heard about it. Is it the one that runs on 1mb of RAM?
I have heard about it. Is it the one that runs on 1mb of RAM?	Yeah the same one, kind of scary, 1 mb is nothing now a days,
Yeah the same one, kind of scary, 1 mb is nothing now a days,	It sure isn't. I find it odd that trans humanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks.
It sure isn't. I find it odd that trans humanists want to upload their minds to computers and memory sticks.	That is odd, I wonder if that will work, so many memories, humans are complex so a lot can be lost in the process
That is odd, I wonder if that will work, so many memories, humans are complex so a lot can be lost in the process	Yes, I agree. It's crazy what people think.
Yes, I agree. It's crazy what people think.	Do you also listen to the radio or not anymore?
Do you also listen to the radio or not anymore?	I do. I really like the radio. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?
I do. I really like the radio. Did you know Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?	I didnt know that no, I did hear about the Canadian government and a law that they have concerning local music
I didnt know that no, I did hear about the Canadian government and a law that they have concerning local music	I have heard they require at least 40% of the music played to be Canadian.
I have heard they require at least 40% of the music played to be Canadian.	Yeah 40% of the music, I think its great that they support local talent
Yeah 40% of the music, I think its great that they support local talent	Yes, I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
Yes, I agree. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	I would love to tune in that site, I love drama series.
I would love to tune in that site, I love drama series.	I couldn't imagine living in such a volitile area as the gaza strip.
I couldn't imagine living in such a volitile area as the gaza strip.	I know what you mean. It's dangerous with Hamas took it over 11 years ago.
I know what you mean. It's dangerous with Hamas took it over 11 years ago.	It is so sad because the militaries are trying their best to kill each other and the innocents that live there are just stuck in the middle of this war.
It is so sad because the militaries are trying their best to kill each other and the innocents that live there are just stuck in the middle of this war.	It is sad. I'm not sure if the land belongs to Israel or Palestine but I do know that there have been three ways with Hamas.
It is sad. I'm not sure if the land belongs to Israel or Palestine but I do know that there have been three ways with Hamas.	It is terrible. In the recent attacked it wasn't just militants either. Over 80 of the people were women and children.
It is terrible. In the recent attacked it wasn't just militants either. Over 80 of the people were women and children.	I get that there are emotions on both sides and have been that way for years but it does some that some of the people just make things worse. When you have crowds of angry people streaming towards a border someone is bound to get hurt.
I get that there are emotions on both sides and have been that way for years but it does some that some of the people just make things worse. When you have crowds of angry people streaming towards a border someone is bound to get hurt.	For sure. Everytime I read something about it I wonder how the doctors in those areas feel. It is their job to heal and all they see over and over is this death and destruction.
For sure. Everytime I read something about it I wonder how the doctors in those areas feel. It is their job to heal and all they see over and over is this death and destruction.	That's a good point. I'm sure it is very hard for them. There is definitely a lot of gun shot wounds and bombing injuries to deal with. I heard during the peak of one border crisis there was gunshot injury every few minutes.
That's a good point. I'm sure it is very hard for them. There is definitely a lot of gun shot wounds and bombing injuries to deal with. I heard during the peak of one border crisis there was gunshot injury every few minutes.	That is terrible. You would think in this day and age with all our advancements and tech we would stop shooting each other.
That is terrible. You would think in this day and age with all our advancements and tech we would stop shooting each other.	i hear you there. If the russians can make a computer than can run on water then people can surely find other ways to iron out grievances.
i hear you there. If the russians can make a computer than can run on water then people can surely find other ways to iron out grievances.	A computer that ran on water!? That is amazing! It is crazy how far computers have come in such a short amount of time.
A computer that ran on water!? That is amazing! It is crazy how far computers have come in such a short amount of time.	I know. I mean, there's a guy or girl that built one out of minecraft building blocks.
I know. I mean, there's a guy or girl that built one out of minecraft building blocks.	That would be so cool to see. It is interesting to me how many things computer chips are in nowdays from tvs to something as simple as a remote.
That would be so cool to see. It is interesting to me how many things computer chips are in nowdays from tvs to something as simple as a remote.	They are in everything aren't they? Who knew programs would be so important years ago. Back in the day people were happy to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade and now we have people trying to find ways to upload their minds to computers.
They are in everything aren't they? Who knew programs would be so important years ago. Back in the day people were happy to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade and now we have people trying to find ways to upload their minds to computers.	I don't understand people sometimes. Of course it all comes down to hubris and not wanting to accept that death is a part of the human condition.
I don't understand people sometimes. Of course it all comes down to hubris and not wanting to accept that death is a part of the human condition.	You'll have to explain to me what hubris is. I am not familiar with that term.
You'll have to explain to me what hubris is. I am not familiar with that term.	Basically ego. So what makes a politician get up in the morning.
Basically ego. So what makes a politician get up in the morning.	Oh I get it. It's like the president of indonesia not only being president but releasing 3 pop albums as well.
Oh I get it. It's like the president of indonesia not only being president but releasing 3 pop albums as well.	Pretty much. Why music albums? Like is running a country not enough for you? Are things that great that it doesn't require your entire focus?
Pretty much. Why music albums? Like is running a country not enough for you? Are things that great that it doesn't require your entire focus?	Exactly! Does he need that much attention all the time? In our country the guest house of the president is bigger than the president's house. Doesn't sound like too much ego there.
Exactly! Does he need that much attention all the time? In our country the guest house of the president is bigger than the president's house. Doesn't sound like too much ego there.	We have some of the wealthiest presidents though. Look at JFK.
We have some of the wealthiest presidents though. Look at JFK.	Hi, do you like basketball?
Hi, do you like basketball?	Hello, How are you? Yes, I enjoy going to the games!! Do you?
Hello, How are you? Yes, I enjoy going to the games!! Do you?	I'm great thank you. I love going to games myself. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for 10 years?
I'm great thank you. I love going to games myself. Did you know Jabbar's dunk was banned in college for 10 years?	No, really! Was that the same as the granny dunk or something else?
No, really! Was that the same as the granny dunk or something else?	I have no idea what style of dunk it was. In 39 of 50 states, the top paid state employee is either a college basketball or football coach.
I have no idea what style of dunk it was. In 39 of 50 states, the top paid state employee is either a college basketball or football coach.	Yes, I heard that too! interesting. Did you know both basketball and volleyball were invented by the YMCA? Love them both!
Yes, I heard that too! interesting. Did you know both basketball and volleyball were invented by the YMCA? Love them both!	Oh wow I didn't know that. I also love them both.
Oh wow I didn't know that. I also love them both.	I didn't know that Shaq only had one recorded 3pt score throughout his whole career? I remember him when he played for the Orlando Magic!! Use to go to those games too!
I didn't know that Shaq only had one recorded 3pt score throughout his whole career? I remember him when he played for the Orlando Magic!! Use to go to those games too!	Wow I didn't know that either. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks.
Wow I didn't know that either. The New Zealand basketball team is nicknamed the Tall Blacks.	Really, I didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team? Not sure if that name is PC in the US?
Really, I didn't know New Zealand had a basketball team? Not sure if that name is PC in the US?	I bet that name wouldn't fly here in the US. The Supreme Court has a basketball court on their top floor.
I bet that name wouldn't fly here in the US. The Supreme Court has a basketball court on their top floor.	Yes, I heard that! Very cool. Great way to get exercise while at work!! I think it was called the highest court in the land! lol, Good one.
Yes, I heard that! Very cool. Great way to get exercise while at work!! I think it was called the highest court in the land! lol, Good one.	Very clever name for the court. Did you know Reggie Miller had a sister who was better at basketball than he was?
Very clever name for the court. Did you know Reggie Miller had a sister who was better at basketball than he was?	No really, was she tall? Talented family for sure!!
No really, was she tall? Talented family for sure!!	Not too sure how tall she is. Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA, but Jordan still wore them and Nike paid his fines.
Not too sure how tall she is. Air Jordan's were banned in the NBA, but Jordan still wore them and Nike paid his fines.	That's true, smart move!! Did you see Space Jam?
That's true, smart move!! Did you see Space Jam?	I have seen it. I love that movie. What about you?
I have seen it. I love that movie. What about you?	Yes, Great probably why it was the highest grossing basketball movie of all time! I'm surprised Woodrow Wilson was the only president with a PHD!
Yes, Great probably why it was the highest grossing basketball movie of all time! I'm surprised Woodrow Wilson was the only president with a PHD!	For sure. I find that hard to believe he's the only one with a PHD!
For sure. I find that hard to believe he's the only one with a PHD!	Yeah, right? Its too bad that Wilkes Booth had to be in the first photo taken at an inauguration with Lincoln!
Yeah, right? Its too bad that Wilkes Booth had to be in the first photo taken at an inauguration with Lincoln!	For sure! Well, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a good day.
For sure! Well, it was a pleasure talking to you. Have a good day.	Hello there, do you follow the NBA at all?
Hello there, do you follow the NBA at all?	I don't, I do not really car that mich for basketball.
I don't, I do not really car that mich for basketball.	Ok, do you know who Allen Iverson is?
Ok, do you know who Allen Iverson is?	Yes, hes a former basketball player, he stands to make a ton of money pretty much until he dies.
Yes, hes a former basketball player, he stands to make a ton of money pretty much until he dies.	Yeah he sure does, do you think that Reebok, who owes him $32 million to him in a few years, wishes they could take that back?
Yeah he sure does, do you think that Reebok, who owes him $32 million to him in a few years, wishes they could take that back?	I mean he is only 43, so they don't have to pay for another 12 years. I doubt they wish they could take it back because I am pretty sure they have more than enough money to pay it.
I mean he is only 43, so they don't have to pay for another 12 years. I doubt they wish they could take it back because I am pretty sure they have more than enough money to pay it.	I don't know, I think they wish they could, I think that they thought they were signing a lifetime shoe seller like MJ.
I don't know, I think they wish they could, I think that they thought they were signing a lifetime shoe seller like MJ.	MJ is beast of a different color than, I dont think any one will ever live up to that dude, and certainly not Allen Iverson, but in the grand scheme of things Reebok is with enough money that 32 million is pocket change really.
MJ is beast of a different color than, I dont think any one will ever live up to that dude, and certainly not Allen Iverson, but in the grand scheme of things Reebok is with enough money that 32 million is pocket change really.	That part is true and yeah he sure is. Do you know what the nickname of the New Zealand national basketball teams name is?
That part is true and yeah he sure is. Do you know what the nickname of the New Zealand national basketball teams name is?	They are Named the tall blacks which in hind site is a bit racist.
They are Named the tall blacks which in hind site is a bit racist.	Yeah it is, but I don't think they mean it to be, I think it is just the color of the jerseys they wear, I know the rugby team is nicknamed the 'all whites' or something like that.
Yeah it is, but I don't think they mean it to be, I think it is just the color of the jerseys they wear, I know the rugby team is nicknamed the 'all whites' or something like that.	I want to play basket ball in the us supreme court building, its on the top floor and is known as the highest court in the land.
I want to play basket ball in the us supreme court building, its on the top floor and is known as the highest court in the land.	That would be cool, I wonder how many wagers there have been placed on those games!
That would be cool, I wonder how many wagers there have been placed on those games!	It is crazy that the highest paid state employees are college basketball and football coaches in 39 out of the 50 states.
It is crazy that the highest paid state employees are college basketball and football coaches in 39 out of the 50 states.	That is crazy, I would never have guessed that. There seem to be so many other jobs that would be paid more.
That is crazy, I would never have guessed that. There seem to be so many other jobs that would be paid more.	So how do you feel about Trump?
So how do you feel about Trump?	I don't really care for him. How about you?
I don't really care for him. How about you?	Yeah I don't like him, I fully agree Jaylen Brown.
Yeah I don't like him, I fully agree Jaylen Brown.	I think he has a lot of racist opinions and don't want to be represented by someone with those views, but obviously the majority disagree with me
I think he has a lot of racist opinions and don't want to be represented by someone with those views, but obviously the majority disagree with me	I would argue that the majority does think that, because he lost the popular vote, he only won due to the broken electoral college.
I would argue that the majority does think that, because he lost the popular vote, he only won due to the broken electoral college.	That is very true, I think we need to rethink our system. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
That is very true, I think we need to rethink our system. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day!	Hi, do you think that President Trump is the richest one ever?
Hi, do you think that President Trump is the richest one ever?	Trump? Who knows? Has anyone seen his tax returns? Without that info, I would have to guess that JFK was richest. Am I right?
Trump? Who knows? Has anyone seen his tax returns? Without that info, I would have to guess that JFK was richest. Am I right?	Yes, JFK was one of the top three richest presidents. I heard that Washington and Jefferson were the other two.
Yes, JFK was one of the top three richest presidents. I heard that Washington and Jefferson were the other two.	Nice! But if Presidents are so rich, why don't they stay in the guest house instead of the White House? After all, it is bigger!
Nice! But if Presidents are so rich, why don't they stay in the guest house instead of the White House? After all, it is bigger!	Yeah, one would think! I guess its the prestige rather than all that space! Did you know that the President of Indonesia released three pop albums while he was in office? He either needed money to build his guest house or his job doesn't pay that much.
Yeah, one would think! I guess its the prestige rather than all that space! Did you know that the President of Indonesia released three pop albums while he was in office? He either needed money to build his guest house or his job doesn't pay that much.	Or he is a better singer than politician? You know, until 1805, the runner up in the election for President autiomatically became VP. But that was back when both candidates were nationalists and had the interests of the US at heart..
Or he is a better singer than politician? You know, until 1805, the runner up in the election for President autiomatically became VP. But that was back when both candidates were nationalists and had the interests of the US at heart..	I agree, totally. back in the 1800's I think it was such an honor to become president of this country that the politicians worked more closely together. The role of the president is supposed to be prominent and encompassing. But, now-a-days, they attacj each other on every front. It's a pity, really.
I agree, totally. back in the 1800's I think it was such an honor to become president of this country that the politicians worked more closely together. The role of the president is supposed to be prominent and encompassing. But, now-a-days, they attacj each other on every front. It's a pity, really.	They need a good humbling! I heard a story about NBA hall-of-famer, Reggie Miller, and how he was humbled. As it turns out, he was coming home after a great performance and chose to brag to his family about his 40-pt game. As it turned out, his sister ad just scored 105 pts in her game, breaking 8 national records. That is humbling!
They need a good humbling! I heard a story about NBA hall-of-famer, Reggie Miller, and how he was humbled. As it turns out, he was coming home after a great performance and chose to brag to his family about his 40-pt game. As it turned out, his sister ad just scored 105 pts in her game, breaking 8 national records. That is humbling!	Yeah, he probably needed that wake-up call! Also, did you know that physicists proved that shooting a basketball "granny style" is the best way to score points on the line but that the NBA players won't do it because it looks so stupid?
Yeah, he probably needed that wake-up call! Also, did you know that physicists proved that shooting a basketball "granny style" is the best way to score points on the line but that the NBA players won't do it because it looks so stupid?	They are all so focused on money and fame now. Have you seen the kind of money they make with endorsement deals? Iverson pockets $800k per year and will get a $32 milllion payout at age 55. Outlandish!
They are all so focused on money and fame now. Have you seen the kind of money they make with endorsement deals? Iverson pockets $800k per year and will get a $32 milllion payout at age 55. Outlandish!	Wow, that's a lot of money! Did you know that Kareen Abdul-Jabbar's constant use of the dunk shot got it banned from college basketball for over a decade now?
Wow, that's a lot of money! Did you know that Kareen Abdul-Jabbar's constant use of the dunk shot got it banned from college basketball for over a decade now?	Well, he was awesome! Reminds me alot of Tim Duncan of the Spurrs, who made the choice to stay in college for 4 years instead of jumping for dollars.
Well, he was awesome! Reminds me alot of Tim Duncan of the Spurrs, who made the choice to stay in college for 4 years instead of jumping for dollars.	Tim Duncan sounds like he loved going to school! Talk about jumping for dollars, did you know that in 39 out of 50 states that the highest paid state employee is either a basketball or a football coach? That's amazing, I didn't think they made that much money!
Tim Duncan sounds like he loved going to school! Talk about jumping for dollars, did you know that in 39 out of 50 states that the highest paid state employee is either a basketball or a football coach? That's amazing, I didn't think they made that much money!	I wonder how much James Naismith, the inventor of the game of basketball, I wonder how much he made? He was the only losing coach Univ of Kansas ever had...
I wonder how much James Naismith, the inventor of the game of basketball, I wonder how much he made? He was the only losing coach Univ of Kansas ever had...	Hum, sounds like a good question. Another funny thing is that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor and they call it the "highest court in the land". Now that's funny!
Hum, sounds like a good question. Another funny thing is that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor and they call it the "highest court in the land". Now that's funny!	I wonder if they play pick up games? I bet Rut Bader Ginsber is always chosen last!
I wonder if they play pick up games? I bet Rut Bader Ginsber is always chosen last!	I'm not sure about that but I heard that the New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks" which is kind of strange.
I'm not sure about that but I heard that the New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks" which is kind of strange.	Their team needs to be integrated... Hey, maybe we can get a game going between the supreme court justices and the Tall Blacks? I wonder is Air Jordans are banned on that court?
Their team needs to be integrated... Hey, maybe we can get a game going between the supreme court justices and the Tall Blacks? I wonder is Air Jordans are banned on that court?	Ha, ha, ha! That was a good one! Yes, I know that Jordan wears them anyway because Nike is willing to pay the fine for every game he wears them in.
Ha, ha, ha! That was a good one! Yes, I know that Jordan wears them anyway because Nike is willing to pay the fine for every game he wears them in.	Yeah. Poor guy. Without his Nike endorsement, he would probably be homeless. Or maybe just have 5 less homes... Hey, nice chatting with you!
Yeah. Poor guy. Without his Nike endorsement, he would probably be homeless. Or maybe just have 5 less homes... Hey, nice chatting with you!	You as well, that was fun!
You as well, that was fun!	Yeah, almost as much fun as stuffing a 9 inch ball through an 18 inch hoop!
Yeah, almost as much fun as stuffing a 9 inch ball through an 18 inch hoop!	did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 of most wealthy Presidents? That is crazy haha
did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 of most wealthy Presidents? That is crazy haha	On an inflation adjust basis, I can believe it.
On an inflation adjust basis, I can believe it.	that's true it is probably adjusted for inflation, what I didn't know is that the white house guest house is actually larger than the real white house!
that's true it is probably adjusted for inflation, what I didn't know is that the white house guest house is actually larger than the real white house!	I didn't know that either, but apparently it is true. I've actually been on a tour of the white house.
I didn't know that either, but apparently it is true. I've actually been on a tour of the white house.	ah how did that go? I went a long time ago back in middle school, I haven't been there since, is it worth doing still?
ah how did that go? I went a long time ago back in middle school, I haven't been there since, is it worth doing still?	It's pretty cool, definitely worth going to. But I didn't get to see the guest house.
It's pretty cool, definitely worth going to. But I didn't get to see the guest house.	ah interesting, I know the president of indonesia made 3 pop records, that would be awesome to be in the white house when trump was making a record album haha
ah interesting, I know the president of indonesia made 3 pop records, that would be awesome to be in the white house when trump was making a record album haha	I know, where does he find the time to record albums?
I know, where does he find the time to record albums?	haha I know, especially 3 albums, I can't believe they call the president of zimbabwe president banana, do you think he considers that insulting?
haha I know, especially 3 albums, I can't believe they call the president of zimbabwe president banana, do you think he considers that insulting?	I definitely would, but it might be a kind of nice nickname.
I definitely would, but it might be a kind of nice nickname.	ya who knows maybe that's his favorite food, I also can't believe the NBA banned the dunk for a while after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was too dominant with it
ya who knows maybe that's his favorite food, I also can't believe the NBA banned the dunk for a while after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was too dominant with it	Yeah, I read about that. The NBA has a lot of stupid rules, without the slam dunk the sport would be boring to watch.
Yeah, I read about that. The NBA has a lot of stupid rules, without the slam dunk the sport would be boring to watch.	ya I agree, did you know there is a basketball court at the top of the supreme court building?
ya I agree, did you know there is a basketball court at the top of the supreme court building?	I did, I'm near the DC area. I've been to all of the federal buildings. I don't think the justices play though.
I did, I'm near the DC area. I've been to all of the federal buildings. I don't think the justices play though.	no that would be too awesome if they did, they could settle ties with a basketball game, I love how the nickname for that court is "the highest court in the land" lol
no that would be too awesome if they did, they could settle ties with a basketball game, I love how the nickname for that court is "the highest court in the land" lol	Yeah, it is interesting, apparently Air Jordan's were banned up introduction by the NBA.
Yeah, it is interesting, apparently Air Jordan's were banned up introduction by the NBA.	ya I love how they broke some regulation, and Nike just paid the fee to have Michael Jordan keep wearing them haha
ya I love how they broke some regulation, and Nike just paid the fee to have Michael Jordan keep wearing them haha	That was probably the best endorsement in the history of all sports.
That was probably the best endorsement in the history of all sports.	yes I miss those days, I liked basketball as a kid but now I don't care, very wild that Reebok pays Allen Iverson 800k a year for his sponsorship, thats a ton of money
yes I miss those days, I liked basketball as a kid but now I don't care, very wild that Reebok pays Allen Iverson 800k a year for his sponsorship, thats a ton of money	That's an insane amount of money, personally I didn't even know he had a pair of shoes.
That's an insane amount of money, personally I didn't even know he had a pair of shoes.	haha I didn't either, but good for him he will also get 32 million dollars as a bonus when he gets to be 55, crazy!
haha I didn't either, but good for him he will also get 32 million dollars as a bonus when he gets to be 55, crazy!	do you like basketball?
do you like basketball?	I love it. Have you ever seen Space Jam?
I love it. Have you ever seen Space Jam?	Yes I love that movie. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
Yes I love that movie. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?	I have heard of him and SPace Jam is the highest grossing basketball movie
I have heard of him and SPace Jam is the highest grossing basketball movie	Nice. Kareem used the dunk shot so much it got banned
Nice. Kareem used the dunk shot so much it got banned	Wow. Do you know where the sport was invented?
Wow. Do you know where the sport was invented?	I do not know where but I know it was James Naismith , a coach at U of Kansas
I do not know where but I know it was James Naismith , a coach at U of Kansas	Nice, it was invented at the YMCA maybe he worked there too
Nice, it was invented at the YMCA maybe he worked there too	Yeah maybe, he was the only losing coach at the University
Yeah maybe, he was the only losing coach at the University	WOw that is really ironic, the inventor and the loser
WOw that is really ironic, the inventor and the loser	Yeah. Do you know who Reggie Miller is?
Yeah. Do you know who Reggie Miller is?	Yes he is a great player. DO you like DUncan?
Yes he is a great player. DO you like DUncan?	I like DUncan yes. Reggie Miller was good but his sister was always better?
I like DUncan yes. Reggie Miller was good but his sister was always better?	Really? How much better than him?
Really? How much better than him?	So good she broke 8 national records when she scored 105 points in a game
So good she broke 8 national records when she scored 105 points in a game	Wow that is amazing, what a family of talented kids
Wow that is amazing, what a family of talented kids	I know. Iverson signed a deal with Rebook where they pay him $800 000 per year till he is 55
I know. Iverson signed a deal with Rebook where they pay him $800 000 per year till he is 55	Wow that is amazing, I guess he is pretty much set for life
Wow that is amazing, I guess he is pretty much set for life	Yes especially since after 55 he gets $32 million
Yes especially since after 55 he gets $32 million	Wow. Many NFL players go bankrupt after they retire
Wow. Many NFL players go bankrupt after they retire	That is so sad. Nice chatting with you
That is so sad. Nice chatting with you	do you like basketball?
do you like basketball?	Love it. Did you know LeBron is going to be in the next space jam movie?
Love it. Did you know LeBron is going to be in the next space jam movie?	Cool. DO you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
Cool. DO you know who Kareem Jabbar is?	Hmm I am not sure if I have heard of him actually
Hmm I am not sure if I have heard of him actually	He is the guy that used the dunk shot so much , it got banned for a while
He is the guy that used the dunk shot so much , it got banned for a while	WOw cool. Along with voleyball , basketball was invented at the YMCA
WOw cool. Along with voleyball , basketball was invented at the YMCA	Cool. Do you know who was the guy that invented it though?
Cool. Do you know who was the guy that invented it though?	Hmmm good question, I have no idea, who?
Hmmm good question, I have no idea, who?	It was the coach of U of Kansas who invented it and the only losing coach
It was the coach of U of Kansas who invented it and the only losing coach	Wow what? Do you know Wilson is the only president to have a PhD
Wow what? Do you know Wilson is the only president to have a PhD	Cool. DO you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?
Cool. DO you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?	I have no idea, there is a ranking?
I have no idea, there is a ranking?	Yes and the top of the list are Jefferson, Washington and JFK
Yes and the top of the list are Jefferson, Washington and JFK	Wow nice. Lincoln was the first one to be photographed during inaugurantion
Wow nice. Lincoln was the first one to be photographed during inaugurantion	Cool. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Cool. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Cool, do you know if he is any good?
Cool, do you know if he is any good?	I am not sure but he has released three albums already
I am not sure but he has released three albums already	Oh wow. DId you know the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR
Oh wow. DId you know the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR	Strange. Do you know how the VP used to be elected
Strange. Do you know how the VP used to be elected	Yeah. Do you like Tim DUncan?
Yeah. Do you like Tim DUncan?	He is a great player. Do you know Reggie Miller?
He is a great player. Do you know Reggie Miller?	TIm DUncan decided to finish college and then go to the NBA
TIm DUncan decided to finish college and then go to the NBA	Dennis Rodman sure has an interesting history with Noth Korea!
Dennis Rodman sure has an interesting history with Noth Korea!	ya I know they love hiim over there, I do like basketball a lot, do you?
ya I know they love hiim over there, I do like basketball a lot, do you?	Me too, I think its a great game 5 vs 5 and a lot of action
Me too, I think its a great game 5 vs 5 and a lot of action	oh ya I agree, very silly that they tried to ban the dunk for over a decade, Kareem was too good with it!
oh ya I agree, very silly that they tried to ban the dunk for over a decade, Kareem was too good with it!	I know right? why ban one of the best moves the game has to offer, its a good thing the move is allowed again.
I know right? why ban one of the best moves the game has to offer, its a good thing the move is allowed again.	I know right, but ya in New Zealand they have a team nicknamed the "tall blacks" don't think that would fly in the USA haha
I know right, but ya in New Zealand they have a team nicknamed the "tall blacks" don't think that would fly in the USA haha	It woulnt thats a terrible nickname lol, you know even the supreme court has a basketball court in one of its floors.
It woulnt thats a terrible nickname lol, you know even the supreme court has a basketball court in one of its floors.	haha yes and its called the "highest court in the land", they should televise some games from up there haha
haha yes and its called the "highest court in the land", they should televise some games from up there haha	They should lol, imagine watching a game of recently convicted felons vs judges, that would be a match I would pay for lol
They should lol, imagine watching a game of recently convicted felons vs judges, that would be a match I would pay for lol	lol I would watch that, kind of sad that in about 40 states teh top paid public emplyee is a basketball or a football coach
lol I would watch that, kind of sad that in about 40 states teh top paid public emplyee is a basketball or a football coach	I wonder how much they make thoug? maybe basketball coaches just make a ton of money afterall its a sport that involves a lot of cash
I wonder how much they make thoug? maybe basketball coaches just make a ton of money afterall its a sport that involves a lot of cash	ya I don't know unfortunately, can you guess the top 3 richest presidents though? See if you can get all of them
ya I don't know unfortunately, can you guess the top 3 richest presidents though? See if you can get all of them	Ok so Trump must be in that list, Kennedy and the other one must be Carter, am I close?
Ok so Trump must be in that list, Kennedy and the other one must be Carter, am I close?	haha nope its JFK, washington and Jefferson, I guess they accounted for inflation but ya trump is not top 3!
haha nope its JFK, washington and Jefferson, I guess they accounted for inflation but ya trump is not top 3!	Thats hard to believe, the guy has a guest house thats larger than the white house, how can he not be on the list!!
Thats hard to believe, the guy has a guest house thats larger than the white house, how can he not be on the list!!	I know right! would you vote for a guy whose last name is banana, that is the real president of Zimbabwe, President Banana!
I know right! would you vote for a guy whose last name is banana, that is the real president of Zimbabwe, President Banana!	Well if he ran against Trump and there were no other candidates I might consider it lol
Well if he ran against Trump and there were no other candidates I might consider it lol	haha well that is true, did you see that previously the runner up in the US election would become the VP, what do you think about that
haha well that is true, did you see that previously the runner up in the US election would become the VP, what do you think about that	I think Clinton and Trump arent a good fit and its probably a good idea things arent like that anymore lol, can you imagine how much fighting there would be among parties
I think Clinton and Trump arent a good fit and its probably a good idea things arent like that anymore lol, can you imagine how much fighting there would be among parties	oh it would be crazy, I'd watch that as a TV show but it'd be too scary for real life haha
oh it would be crazy, I'd watch that as a TV show but it'd be too scary for real life haha	I would be a nice reality TV show,
I would be a nice reality TV show,	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am good. How are you? Did you know that James Naismith invented basketball?
I am good. How are you? Did you know that James Naismith invented basketball?	I did know that. There is a shrine to him at the University of Kansas, where he invented the game. They own the original papers/rules of the game he wrote out. Too bad he is a losing coach...
I did know that. There is a shrine to him at the University of Kansas, where he invented the game. They own the original papers/rules of the game he wrote out. Too bad he is a losing coach...	That is too bad. Look what he started though and how many people he has helped. In most of the states the state employee that makes the most money is either a football or basketball coach.
That is too bad. Look what he started though and how many people he has helped. In most of the states the state employee that makes the most money is either a football or basketball coach.	Yeah. That's tough for those states but they also bring in a ton of money for the schools, which help offset the other non-revenue programs like swimming and volleyball. They don't make more than AI who makes $800K per year until 55!
Yeah. That's tough for those states but they also bring in a ton of money for the schools, which help offset the other non-revenue programs like swimming and volleyball. They don't make more than AI who makes $800K per year until 55!	Not to mention that players are the world's bet paid athletes.
Not to mention that players are the world's bet paid athletes.	True. Speaking of wealth, Trump isn't even the top 3 richest presidents. That was JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Who knew!?!?!
True. Speaking of wealth, Trump isn't even the top 3 richest presidents. That was JFK, Washington and Jefferson. Who knew!?!?!	That is a major shock! I never imagined Washington as being wealthy. He was just a general before president.
That is a major shock! I never imagined Washington as being wealthy. He was just a general before president.	But he has slaves to do all the work and reap their hard work. At least he wasn't named President Banana!
But he has slaves to do all the work and reap their hard work. At least he wasn't named President Banana!	I heard of him before! Isn't that the first president of zimbabwe?
I heard of him before! Isn't that the first president of zimbabwe?	It is. I must have missed that day of high school when we talked about president banana in world history. I wonder if his guest house is bigger than his palace?
It is. I must have missed that day of high school when we talked about president banana in world history. I wonder if his guest house is bigger than his palace?	He probably was not like our first president. You know, that is odd that the white house is smaller, especially when you realize how wealthy washington was.
He probably was not like our first president. You know, that is odd that the white house is smaller, especially when you realize how wealthy washington was.	That's gotta bug Trump. I wonder if his wife sleeps in the guest house and mocks his smaller house?
That's gotta bug Trump. I wonder if his wife sleeps in the guest house and mocks his smaller house?	Funny! He's probably glad that things changed in 1805 otherwise Hillary would be his vice president.
Funny! He's probably glad that things changed in 1805 otherwise Hillary would be his vice president.	HA! That would be the most dysfunctional presidency in the history of the US; although he's doing a fine job of that without her... If he had a pop album, would you listen to it?
HA! That would be the most dysfunctional presidency in the history of the US; although he's doing a fine job of that without her... If he had a pop album, would you listen to it?	No, in total fairness I'm just not a big fan of his voice. I wonder sometimes what exactly the role of our president is. I mean, presidents have different roles depending on the government and the country.
No, in total fairness I'm just not a big fan of his voice. I wonder sometimes what exactly the role of our president is. I mean, presidents have different roles depending on the government and the country.	Yeah. I am not sure what this president's role is. I say that as someone who wants the president to succeed but this is really tough to root for, even before he was elected. The whole "grab her by the..." mad me angry as a father and husband. Grab either of my girls, regardless and there will be an issue.
Yeah. I am not sure what this president's role is. I say that as someone who wants the president to succeed but this is really tough to root for, even before he was elected. The whole "grab her by the..." mad me angry as a father and husband. Grab either of my girls, regardless and there will be an issue.	That was pretty rude. I want to see him succeed because I want our country and our lives to improve. His role seems to change, sometimes he seems ceremonia, other times like a leader, and then sometimes like he would like to be a dictator.
That was pretty rude. I want to see him succeed because I want our country and our lives to improve. His role seems to change, sometimes he seems ceremonia, other times like a leader, and then sometimes like he would like to be a dictator.	Yeah. I just want some level of presidential behavior from him. I am not sure he will even run for a second term. He seems to be miserable. Do you think he will run again?
Yeah. I just want some level of presidential behavior from him. I am not sure he will even run for a second term. He seems to be miserable. Do you think he will run again?	I don't know. He does seem very unhappy. In a way, I really think he wanted to do good and just maybe got road blocked by washington itself.
I don't know. He does seem very unhappy. In a way, I really think he wanted to do good and just maybe got road blocked by washington itself.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	do you use facebook?
do you use facebook?	Yes a lot. Did you know they are mentioned in one third of divorce papers?
Yes a lot. Did you know they are mentioned in one third of divorce papers?	WOw that is a lot. Did you know Myspace turned down the offer to buy them?
WOw that is a lot. Did you know Myspace turned down the offer to buy them?	Did not know that, that was not a smart decision for them
Did not know that, that was not a smart decision for them	I know, they could have paid $75 million and make billions by now
I know, they could have paid $75 million and make billions by now	Exactly. One third of americans have it as their primary news source
Exactly. One third of americans have it as their primary news source	Wow that is a lot. Do you know why it is blue?
Wow that is a lot. Do you know why it is blue?	I have no idea but I know that they have 56 genders listed
I have no idea but I know that they have 56 genders listed	WOw. It is blue because Mark is green and red colorblind
WOw. It is blue because Mark is green and red colorblind	Cool. Do you watch much tv?
Cool. Do you watch much tv?	A lot actually. Did you watch the SImpsons ever?
A lot actually. Did you watch the SImpsons ever?	Yes i do, HOmer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes
Yes i do, HOmer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes	Wow and there is an episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned
Wow and there is an episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned	Cool. DO you ever watch the SNL?
Cool. DO you ever watch the SNL?	Sometimes do you have a favorite skit in there?
Sometimes do you have a favorite skit in there?	Yes I like their longest running one, The Weekend Update
Yes I like their longest running one, The Weekend Update	Nice. Did you know That 70s show failed in the UK?
Nice. Did you know That 70s show failed in the UK?	Too bad. Do you listen to the radio?
Too bad. Do you listen to the radio?	I do. You can even listen to Jupiter's storms in the am radio
I do. You can even listen to Jupiter's storms in the am radio	Cool. There is a radio station that translates solar activity to music
Cool. There is a radio station that translates solar activity to music	Nice I wonder what that sounds like
Nice I wonder what that sounds like	hi do you watch tv?
hi do you watch tv?	quite a bit actually during the day, and you?
quite a bit actually during the day, and you?	Me too. Did you ever watch the Simpsons?
Me too. Did you ever watch the Simpsons?	I did quite a few episodes, even the one where Bart does not appear
I did quite a few episodes, even the one where Bart does not appear	Yeah and he is not even mentioned
Yeah and he is not even mentioned	Yeah strange a it but they must have had a reason for it
Yeah strange a it but they must have had a reason for it	Yeah true. How about that 70s show?
Yeah true. How about that 70s show?	I did see it and I liked it but in the UK did not do very well
I did see it and I liked it but in the UK did not do very well	Yeah the put it there verbatim so it did not go well, only 10 episodes
Yeah the put it there verbatim so it did not go well, only 10 episodes	Yeah too bad. Did you ever watch Pokemon
Yeah too bad. Did you ever watch Pokemon	I did watch some but there are 750 , I have not seen even half
I did watch some but there are 750 , I have not seen even half	Me either, they have been running for 16 years now
Me either, they have been running for 16 years now	Yeah long time. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?
Yeah long time. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?	I did and there were famous people who voiced it like Alec Baldwin
I did and there were famous people who voiced it like Alec Baldwin	Yeah him and also Ringo Starr and George Carlin
Yeah him and also Ringo Starr and George Carlin	Yeah. Do you use facebook?
Yeah. Do you use facebook?	I do actually. Do you know why it is blue?
I do actually. Do you know why it is blue?	I think it is because Mark if green-red colorblind
I think it is because Mark if green-red colorblind	Yesh. The like button is illegal in parts of germany
Yesh. The like button is illegal in parts of germany	Did you ever use MySpace?
Did you ever use MySpace?	I did before facebook, they made a bad decision by not buying them out when they could
I did before facebook, they made a bad decision by not buying them out when they could	For $75 million could have made billions
For $75 million could have made billions	hey my friend, do you ever watch any television?
hey my friend, do you ever watch any television?	I like to watch the news on the television and only a few other shows like the Simpsons.
I like to watch the news on the television and only a few other shows like the Simpsons.	ah yes, did you see the one episode where bart neither is talked about nor appears?
ah yes, did you see the one episode where bart neither is talked about nor appears?	No, I did not think that was possible since Bart Simpson is the star of the show. Well. Homer is also the star because he appeared in over 400 episodes.
No, I did not think that was possible since Bart Simpson is the star of the show. Well. Homer is also the star because he appeared in over 400 episodes.	that's true, do you watch South Park, I loved that episode where they roasted family guy and the simpsons crew sent them flowers afterwards
that's true, do you watch South Park, I loved that episode where they roasted family guy and the simpsons crew sent them flowers afterwards	I do not watch South Park but I love SNL and Shark tank.
I do not watch South Park but I love SNL and Shark tank.	thats cool, I loved the Pokemon series as a kid, apparently they have over 750 episodes now
thats cool, I loved the Pokemon series as a kid, apparently they have over 750 episodes now	I don't have that much time to watch television because I work so hard at my job.
I don't have that much time to watch television because I work so hard at my job.	that makes sense, have you seen Thomas the Tank though? I guess George Carlin did the narrator voice for a bit
that makes sense, have you seen Thomas the Tank though? I guess George Carlin did the narrator voice for a bit	Did you know Bill Murray voiced the voice of the Human Torch in the fantastic four radio show. He is one of my favorite comedians.
Did you know Bill Murray voiced the voice of the Human Torch in the fantastic four radio show. He is one of my favorite comedians.	ya he's a cool dude I like him, have you ever seen the show That 70's Show?
ya he's a cool dude I like him, have you ever seen the show That 70's Show?	Yes, I liked the cast of that show. It also depicted the time period perfectly.
Yes, I liked the cast of that show. It also depicted the time period perfectly.	ya I liked that about it, but they tried to remake it in the UK, it got cancelled after only 10 episodes haha
ya I liked that about it, but they tried to remake it in the UK, it got cancelled after only 10 episodes haha	That is interesting. The show was all about the cast.
That is interesting. The show was all about the cast.	ya maybe the cast was bad, do you use Facebook? I know I have an account but don't use it
ya maybe the cast was bad, do you use Facebook? I know I have an account but don't use it	I Have two facebook accounts. I use one for personal and family and another for a website but I don't use them very much anymore either. I would not trust it to use as my primary source of news.
I Have two facebook accounts. I use one for personal and family and another for a website but I don't use them very much anymore either. I would not trust it to use as my primary source of news.	nope I don't like facebook much, its funny how its colors are blue because the creator was colorblind
nope I don't like facebook much, its funny how its colors are blue because the creator was colorblind	That makes sense for a colour blind person to choose one colour in their design.
That makes sense for a colour blind person to choose one colour in their design.	yup I agree, and ya myspace turned down buying facebook for only 75 mil back in the day, they must be pretty upset now
yup I agree, and ya myspace turned down buying facebook for only 75 mil back in the day, they must be pretty upset now	That was a straight loss for MySpace. It is so big that more people are on facebook then there are people in the world 200 years ago.
That was a straight loss for MySpace. It is so big that more people are on facebook then there are people in the world 200 years ago.	wow that is crazy, I would totally do the Facebook Burger King promotion btw, I would get rid of all my friends online for a whopper im starving haha
wow that is crazy, I would totally do the Facebook Burger King promotion btw, I would get rid of all my friends online for a whopper im starving haha	Hello, do you use Facebook?
Hello, do you use Facebook?	No, I do not. FB is a social media and networking service. I am antisocial and private by nature. The two do not mix. You?.
No, I do not. FB is a social media and networking service. I am antisocial and private by nature. The two do not mix. You?.	I do have a Facebook account and I can respect that, I think that FB can be invasive.
I do have a Facebook account and I can respect that, I think that FB can be invasive.	What started out as a Harvard school student site has blossomed into a global empire. Hard to stay under the radar when the whole earth has access to your album of selfies...
What started out as a Harvard school student site has blossomed into a global empire. Hard to stay under the radar when the whole earth has access to your album of selfies...	I agree, but its also a great way to keep you memories, MySpace had the chance to buy Facebook and didnt, that was a terrible decision indeed.
I agree, but its also a great way to keep you memories, MySpace had the chance to buy Facebook and didnt, that was a terrible decision indeed.	Yeah. My dog had a MySpace page, and now both my dog and MySpace are but footnotes in history. Another historical item: Iceland is rewriting their constitution via FaceBook. 77 "Likes" for representation government.
Yeah. My dog had a MySpace page, and now both my dog and MySpace are but footnotes in history. Another historical item: Iceland is rewriting their constitution via FaceBook. 77 "Likes" for representation government.	I guess Iceland cares about the opinion of its people, theres a town in Germany were the like button is prohibited.
I guess Iceland cares about the opinion of its people, theres a town in Germany were the like button is prohibited.	I "like" that! Why don't they just outlaw the color blue? After all, FB is primarily blue because Zuckerberg is red green color blind.
I "like" that! Why don't they just outlaw the color blue? After all, FB is primarily blue because Zuckerberg is red green color blind.	Ive always thought it was because of a marketing strategy, did you hear about the promotion Burger King had?
Ive always thought it was because of a marketing strategy, did you hear about the promotion Burger King had?	Yeah, drop 10 friends for a Whopper. That means each friend is valued at 1/10 of a Whopper. Who needs the gold standard, we have the Whopper!
Yeah, drop 10 friends for a Whopper. That means each friend is valued at 1/10 of a Whopper. Who needs the gold standard, we have the Whopper!	I wish I knew at the time, I love Burger King and definetely would unfriend many of my facebook contacts.
I wish I knew at the time, I love Burger King and definetely would unfriend many of my facebook contacts.	I wish they made that promo into a TV commercial. It could have had a nice jingle and everything to single as you "defriend" each poor forgotten soul. And the McDonalds could have a "add 10 friends for free fries" promo and the burger wars would be on again!
I wish they made that promo into a TV commercial. It could have had a nice jingle and everything to single as you "defriend" each poor forgotten soul. And the McDonalds could have a "add 10 friends for free fries" promo and the burger wars would be on again!	That would be an interesting idea and not only for tv but I think it can also work in radio.
That would be an interesting idea and not only for tv but I think it can also work in radio.	You know you can tune your radio in to listen to storms on Jupiter. I wonder if aliens on Jupiter can tune in to hear Radio burger commercials...
You know you can tune your radio in to listen to storms on Jupiter. I wonder if aliens on Jupiter can tune in to hear Radio burger commercials...	Who knows, they might come to get some Whoopers and creat a FB account just to get them for free lol
Who knows, they might come to get some Whoopers and creat a FB account just to get them for free lol	Nice! You know, there is a website that allows access to thousands of hours of classic radio dramas. I wonder if those aliens would develop an appetite for that too...
Nice! You know, there is a website that allows access to thousands of hours of classic radio dramas. I wonder if those aliens would develop an appetite for that too...	I didnt know that I bet aliens would appriciate it for sure, I know I would, I am going to google that.
I didnt know that I bet aliens would appriciate it for sure, I know I would, I am going to google that.	While you are at it, Google the term, "Nuntil Latini" too. It is the name of a Finnish radio show-- a weekly news program done in Latin. Maybe the aliens speak Latin as their primary language.
While you are at it, Google the term, "Nuntil Latini" too. It is the name of a Finnish radio show-- a weekly news program done in Latin. Maybe the aliens speak Latin as their primary language.	A good reason to start learning latin, we wouldnt want to have a comminication issues specially if they do not come in peace.
A good reason to start learning latin, we wouldnt want to have a comminication issues specially if they do not come in peace.	Good thinking! But what if the aliens don't have radios? Could they make one out of Jupiter dust?
Good thinking! But what if the aliens don't have radios? Could they make one out of Jupiter dust?	I guess they could, if soldiers could made them out of razorblades and pencils then they might be able to craft radios.
I guess they could, if soldiers could made them out of razorblades and pencils then they might be able to craft radios.	Micelle Obama was in Brooklyn.
Micelle Obama was in Brooklyn.	yeah it's a part of her book tour right? Looks like her book is selling extremely well, Im very happy for her
yeah it's a part of her book tour right? Looks like her book is selling extremely well, Im very happy for her	Yes. Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper.
Yes. Burger king had a promotion where if you unfriend 10 people on facebook you get a free whopper.	at what location?
at what location?	All of them I think. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
All of them I think. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free	that's actually very interesting. Apparently myspace was offered to buy Facebook for only $75 mil to which they refused
that's actually very interesting. Apparently myspace was offered to buy Facebook for only $75 mil to which they refused	Wow. He's rich. According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.
Wow. He's rich. According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian.	wow I wonder if they play a lot of Justin Bieber haha. Apparently, Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein
wow I wonder if they play a lot of Justin Bieber haha. Apparently, Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein	He's annoying. Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
He's annoying. Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.	It's amazing they were able to make that with just some simple tools. So there are over 750 episodes of "pokemon." that's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.
It's amazing they were able to make that with just some simple tools. So there are over 750 episodes of "pokemon." that's about 50 a year for 16 years straight.	Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.	I really want to listen to that. Facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness
I really want to listen to that. Facebook is primarily blue because mark zuckerburg suffers from red-green colorblindness	I didn't know that. Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.
I didn't know that. Facebook's "like" button is illegal in the german state of schleswig-holstein.	that's interesting. Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin
that's interesting. Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin	Interesting. There is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
Interesting. There is only one episode of the simpsons where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned	I love the Simpsons. Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
I love the Simpsons. Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each	That's a lot. When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.
That's a lot. When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew.	I haven't watched that episode. celand are rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.
I haven't watched that episode. celand are rewriting their constitution via facebook; allowing the public to make suggestions and alterations.	Good idea. Tv can mean the device or show.
Good idea. Tv can mean the device or show.	Wow I didn't know that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free
Wow I didn't know that. There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free	Have a nice night.
Have a nice night.	Gun violence is such a problem, especially in America today. It can really happen to anyone. Even Jennifer Hudson isn't immune to it, she lost three family member!
Gun violence is such a problem, especially in America today. It can really happen to anyone. Even Jennifer Hudson isn't immune to it, she lost three family member!	wow that is sad, I could see that making her really sad and venting from the frustration
wow that is sad, I could see that making her really sad and venting from the frustration	Absolutely. I think it's just disgusting that people can shoot innocent children. Whether it's Jennifer Hudson's nephew or the Parkland kids, it's disturbing
Absolutely. I think it's just disgusting that people can shoot innocent children. Whether it's Jennifer Hudson's nephew or the Parkland kids, it's disturbing	yup I agree, do you own a car btw?
yup I agree, do you own a car btw?	I lease a car. I have a Ford, it's a pretty good car, but it's pretty basic economy. What about you? Do you own/rent a car?
I lease a car. I have a Ford, it's a pretty good car, but it's pretty basic economy. What about you? Do you own/rent a car?	ya I have a Jetta, I just lease it, can't believe the first car was inveted over 100 years ago
ya I have a Jetta, I just lease it, can't believe the first car was inveted over 100 years ago	Yeah, it's coming close to 125 years. Do you think cars are overall good or bad? I mean, for the environment they're terrible, and they result in so many fatal car accidents, but they're so useful to get around.
Yeah, it's coming close to 125 years. Do you think cars are overall good or bad? I mean, for the environment they're terrible, and they result in so many fatal car accidents, but they're so useful to get around.	right I agree with you, I think theyre very useful, but I don't think that the creator Karl Benz could have predicted how much pollution they would cause
right I agree with you, I think theyre very useful, but I don't think that the creator Karl Benz could have predicted how much pollution they would cause	Yeah. I don't think Karl Benz anticipated cars to help us get food without even getting out of our cars! Did you know that McDonald's added a drive through in 1975 for soldiers?
Yeah. I don't think Karl Benz anticipated cars to help us get food without even getting out of our cars! Did you know that McDonald's added a drive through in 1975 for soldiers?	ah yes I heard about that, he also wouldn't have predicted itd be illegal to warm your car up in Ohio before you get in haha
ah yes I heard about that, he also wouldn't have predicted itd be illegal to warm your car up in Ohio before you get in haha	Yes, that's so crazy! I don't understand how we can have laws strict enough to regulate warming up your car but we can't have laws strict enough to regulate who can own a gun... Well, at least my car was useful as it helped me drive down to D.C. for the March for Our Lives rally
Yes, that's so crazy! I don't understand how we can have laws strict enough to regulate warming up your car but we can't have laws strict enough to regulate who can own a gun... Well, at least my car was useful as it helped me drive down to D.C. for the March for Our Lives rally	ah yes that is a good point, hopefully when you're driving you didnt have a Google self driving car set to "agressive" mode haha
ah yes that is a good point, hopefully when you're driving you didnt have a Google self driving car set to "agressive" mode haha	I did not! Some people can be so aggressive both on and off the road. Did you know that it's actually legal to use flame-throwers to prevent someone from stealing your car in South Africa?
I did not! Some people can be so aggressive both on and off the road. Did you know that it's actually legal to use flame-throwers to prevent someone from stealing your car in South Africa?	no but that is awesome! also Its a good tip to know that the arrow on your gas guage in your car points to what side the gas cap is on
no but that is awesome! also Its a good tip to know that the arrow on your gas guage in your car points to what side the gas cap is on	Yes, I learned that a couple years ago and it has been so helpful! I don't know if it's the gas gauge or the light that tells you you're low on gas, I always thought it was the light that tells you you're low on gas. At least that's what I've used! But the drawback is that you only have that information when you're low and the light shows up!
Yes, I learned that a couple years ago and it has been so helpful! I don't know if it's the gas gauge or the light that tells you you're low on gas, I always thought it was the light that tells you you're low on gas. At least that's what I've used! But the drawback is that you only have that information when you're low and the light shows up!	haha good point, I sure wish I was the guy that accidently bought a barn full of classic cars, that sounds awesome!
haha good point, I sure wish I was the guy that accidently bought a barn full of classic cars, that sounds awesome!	That would be so lucky! You'd probably become very wealthy if that happened. I think it's interesting that while most celebrities have both fame AND fortune, many are actually pretty broke. Did you know Michael Jackson was almost $0.5 billion in debt when he died?
That would be so lucky! You'd probably become very wealthy if that happened. I think it's interesting that while most celebrities have both fame AND fortune, many are actually pretty broke. Did you know Michael Jackson was almost $0.5 billion in debt when he died?	wow I didn't know that, and ya celebrities are weird, I guess the youtube celeb Jenna Marble makes about 300k annually just from Youtube
wow I didn't know that, and ya celebrities are weird, I guess the youtube celeb Jenna Marble makes about 300k annually just from Youtube	That's crazy! I actually used to love Jenna Marbles, she had the funniest videos and the cutest dogs. But I have no idea how she made that much money off of her lifestyle! Another fun (or rather, not so fun) fact: Beyonce's net worth is 1/3 of Jay-Z's! That's so weird, I think, because she's basically Queen haha
That's crazy! I actually used to love Jenna Marbles, she had the funniest videos and the cutest dogs. But I have no idea how she made that much money off of her lifestyle! Another fun (or rather, not so fun) fact: Beyonce's net worth is 1/3 of Jay-Z's! That's so weird, I think, because she's basically Queen haha	wow that is impressive still though! I do love John Cena, he has the make-a-wish record of 400 visits, he doesn't do it for the money
wow that is impressive still though! I do love John Cena, he has the make-a-wish record of 400 visits, he doesn't do it for the money	That's amazing. I love when celebrities use their influence for good. Like Jennifer Hudson at the recent rally!
That's amazing. I love when celebrities use their influence for good. Like Jennifer Hudson at the recent rally!	Do you know of Jennifer Hudson?
Do you know of Jennifer Hudson?	I do not. Is she a special person of note?
I do not. Is she a special person of note?	She's a celebrity who became famous for being on American Idol many years ago. She's a huge advocate for the March for Our Lives movement.
She's a celebrity who became famous for being on American Idol many years ago. She's a huge advocate for the March for Our Lives movement.	What is the March of Our Lives movement? Who is it for?
What is the March of Our Lives movement? Who is it for?	It's a rally that was held in Washington DC to raise awareness for victims of gun violence, as it's becoming a national emergency in the United States.
It's a rally that was held in Washington DC to raise awareness for victims of gun violence, as it's becoming a national emergency in the United States.	It has become a problem. The March of our Lives (MOOL?) sounds like a good movement.
It has become a problem. The March of our Lives (MOOL?) sounds like a good movement.	It's actually March For Our Lives, but yes, it's a rather powerful organization. Jennifer Hudson, the celebrity I mentioned before, has had three of her family members killed by guns.
It's actually March For Our Lives, but yes, it's a rather powerful organization. Jennifer Hudson, the celebrity I mentioned before, has had three of her family members killed by guns.	Oh, MFOL. Thats better. I hope they accomplish something about the guns. The guns are a problem nowadays but it doesnt seem that us regular people can do anything.
Oh, MFOL. Thats better. I hope they accomplish something about the guns. The guns are a problem nowadays but it doesnt seem that us regular people can do anything.	I'm not sure that's true. The rally in Washington last year gathered hundreds of thousands of people. We just have to keep trying to get the President's attention until we get a President who will listen.
I'm not sure that's true. The rally in Washington last year gathered hundreds of thousands of people. We just have to keep trying to get the President's attention until we get a President who will listen.	I think he cant hear over the whooshing sound all that gun money makes as it travels through DC.
I think he cant hear over the whooshing sound all that gun money makes as it travels through DC.	That's probably true, but oddly enough, Trump isn't even considered one of the wealthiest presidents.
That's probably true, but oddly enough, Trump isn't even considered one of the wealthiest presidents.	I suspect he resents that fact more than anything. "FAKE NEWS." He would change the numbers just to get to the #1 spot.
I suspect he resents that fact more than anything. "FAKE NEWS." He would change the numbers just to get to the #1 spot.	Could you imagine living back in the days when the runner up to the election was the Vice President? That would be interesting.
Could you imagine living back in the days when the runner up to the election was the Vice President? That would be interesting.	I figure you could make all kinds of trouble and sass with that type of election. Run some crank for president then get him in the white house as VP. He could sell soap or lady's undergarments or what have you.
I figure you could make all kinds of trouble and sass with that type of election. Run some crank for president then get him in the white house as VP. He could sell soap or lady's undergarments or what have you.	Wouldn't be as fun as Indonesia, where the president has a decent pop career and three albums.
Wouldn't be as fun as Indonesia, where the president has a decent pop career and three albums.	I reckon that he made a law that folks had to buy thealbums or they would get arrested.
I reckon that he made a law that folks had to buy thealbums or they would get arrested.	Why do you say that?
Why do you say that?	I think that the President of Indonesia is probably a dictator. He wants to make money so he gets people to buy his album...or else.
I think that the President of Indonesia is probably a dictator. He wants to make money so he gets people to buy his album...or else.	Why do you assume that? Indonesia is a highly developed country with a democracy.
Why do you assume that? Indonesia is a highly developed country with a democracy.	I remember some sort of movie about the dictator not feeding his people and there were riots or something. Isnt there some dictator or something from back in the day? Am I think of a different country?
I remember some sort of movie about the dictator not feeding his people and there were riots or something. Isnt there some dictator or something from back in the day? Am I think of a different country?	I'm not sure, there are hundreds of countries and only fifty current dictators. But typically, the title of "president" refers to the head of state of a republic government.
I'm not sure, there are hundreds of countries and only fifty current dictators. But typically, the title of "president" refers to the head of state of a republic government.	I thought China had a president for life or something. In authoritarian regimes, a dictator or leader of a one-party state may also be called a president.
I thought China had a president for life or something. In authoritarian regimes, a dictator or leader of a one-party state may also be called a president.	That's true, but as I said, there aren't that many of them anymore and Indonesia is definitely a democratic republic.
That's true, but as I said, there aren't that many of them anymore and Indonesia is definitely a democratic republic.	do you know who Jennifer hudson is?
do you know who Jennifer hudson is?	Sad to admit I do not actually, who is she?
Sad to admit I do not actually, who is she?	why is that sad? I LOVE J. Hudson
why is that sad? I LOVE J. Hudson	I just do not know of her, heard her name a lot though. What is she known for?
I just do not know of her, heard her name a lot though. What is she known for?	mis read your comment. Jennifer Hudson is from Chicago. She a singer/actress. She got her big break as a contestant on American Idol.
mis read your comment. Jennifer Hudson is from Chicago. She a singer/actress. She got her big break as a contestant on American Idol.	Oh okay, does she have any hit songs?
Oh okay, does she have any hit songs?	Yes! She has alot of hit songs.....sadly I cant name any off hand. She was in a movie called Dream Girls with Beyonce. I belive she won an Oscar for that role.
Yes! She has alot of hit songs.....sadly I cant name any off hand. She was in a movie called Dream Girls with Beyonce. I belive she won an Oscar for that role.	Oh, I guess some celebrities are just very well known. Jenna Marbles, a youtuber, makes 346, 827 dollars a year!
Oh, I guess some celebrities are just very well known. Jenna Marbles, a youtuber, makes 346, 827 dollars a year!	Wow!!! Ive never heard of her...wonder what content she post
Wow!!! Ive never heard of her...wonder what content she post	She makes makeup videos and comedy videos if I am not mistaken!
She makes makeup videos and comedy videos if I am not mistaken!	oh cool....im not into make up but I'm goung to check her channel out
oh cool....im not into make up but I'm goung to check her channel out	She is pretty funny if I recall! Paris Hilton was voted most overrated celebrity about a decade ago!
She is pretty funny if I recall! Paris Hilton was voted most overrated celebrity about a decade ago!	paris hilton and nicole richie were a riot! Do you remember that reality show that they were in?
paris hilton and nicole richie were a riot! Do you remember that reality show that they were in?	I do not, may have been before my time
I do not, may have been before my time	lol...google it..If interested. How about Judge judy making 123,000 per episode!
lol...google it..If interested. How about Judge judy making 123,000 per episode!	That is pretty good pay, but how often do they make episodes?
That is pretty good pay, but how often do they make episodes?	i have no idea but she is the highest paid celebrity...right after lebron james.
i have no idea but she is the highest paid celebrity...right after lebron james.	Are you serious? that is insane, i did not think she would be anywhere close to James!
Are you serious? that is insane, i did not think she would be anywhere close to James!	lol...me neither
lol...me neither	What do you think about self driving cars? I read that google's car has an aggressive driving mode!
What do you think about self driving cars? I read that google's car has an aggressive driving mode!	I absolutely HATE driving so I'm totally interested. Uber and self drive me plz
I absolutely HATE driving so I'm totally interested. Uber and self drive me plz	I agree, we are honestly a bit worse than machines, I hope google makes strides
I agree, we are honestly a bit worse than machines, I hope google makes strides	Hello, did you know that a trunk of a car really used to be a wooden trunk?
Hello, did you know that a trunk of a car really used to be a wooden trunk?	I did not but I did know that McDonalds was the first one to have a drive thru
I did not but I did know that McDonalds was the first one to have a drive thru	I think McDonalds has the first everything. I'm surprised there isn't one in the presidents guest house, as it is bigger than the white house.
I think McDonalds has the first everything. I'm surprised there isn't one in the presidents guest house, as it is bigger than the white house.	They realized that soldiers weren't allowed to come inside with their uniforms on so did something to help them out. Huge success and ingenious in my opinion
They realized that soldiers weren't allowed to come inside with their uniforms on so did something to help them out. Huge success and ingenious in my opinion	I think we should go back to the old way of having the VP be the one who lost the election.
I think we should go back to the old way of having the VP be the one who lost the election.	I absolutely agree, especially during this presidency.
I absolutely agree, especially during this presidency.	Maybe we should call him President Banana, instead of the first president of Zimbabwe.
Maybe we should call him President Banana, instead of the first president of Zimbabwe.	Agreed!
Agreed!	I wonder what he thinks of Judge Judy and LeBron being the highest paid celebrities?
I wonder what he thinks of Judge Judy and LeBron being the highest paid celebrities?	He most likely would argue with you and say he gets paid more and is smarter than both of them and can play basketball better than Lebron
He most likely would argue with you and say he gets paid more and is smarter than both of them and can play basketball better than Lebron	You are probably right. There is no way he would ever be in the secret Pixar room, as he only goes to his own properties.
You are probably right. There is no way he would ever be in the secret Pixar room, as he only goes to his own properties.	I wonder if he can sing as well as the Indonesian president?
I wonder if he can sing as well as the Indonesian president?	In his mind he can.I bet he thinks he would do a better job in Aladdin, than Robin Williams.
In his mind he can.I bet he thinks he would do a better job in Aladdin, than Robin Williams.	I firmly believe that he behaves more like a dictator than a president when behind closed doors away from the cameras
I firmly believe that he behaves more like a dictator than a president when behind closed doors away from the cameras	He doesn't even disguise it. There is an adorable old man (about the same age) in Ethiopia who is a celebrity chef. He was in the construction business, and is trying to get people to eat more diverse foods. Check out Grandpa Kitchen on youtube.
He doesn't even disguise it. There is an adorable old man (about the same age) in Ethiopia who is a celebrity chef. He was in the construction business, and is trying to get people to eat more diverse foods. Check out Grandpa Kitchen on youtube.	I will do that. Have you watched his channel. Sounds like he is bit more of a celebrity and more of an influencer in his country
I will do that. Have you watched his channel. Sounds like he is bit more of a celebrity and more of an influencer in his country	Yes, I have. I have even tried a few of his recipes.
Yes, I have. I have even tried a few of his recipes.	Are they any good?
Are they any good?	They are. His take on mac & cheese is very good, so are some of the fish dishes.
They are. His take on mac & cheese is very good, so are some of the fish dishes.	What is your favorite recipe or dish?
What is your favorite recipe or dish?	Of his, it's the Chicken Biryani and the butter chicken.
Of his, it's the Chicken Biryani and the butter chicken.	Well time for me to go see what the President is up to on the news now.
Well time for me to go see what the President is up to on the news now.	Good morning. Do you watch much Television.
Good morning. Do you watch much Television.	Not too much anymore, I'd say I watched a lot more television when I was younger.
Not too much anymore, I'd say I watched a lot more television when I was younger.	I dont really watch too much either. I used to like that 70s show. Did you ever watch that?
I dont really watch too much either. I used to like that 70s show. Did you ever watch that?	I remember it being on, we watched a season or two but lost interest in later shows.
I remember it being on, we watched a season or two but lost interest in later shows.	Well they remade it over in the UK using word for word dialogue. It wasnt a very big hit it got canceled after only ten episodes.
Well they remade it over in the UK using word for word dialogue. It wasnt a very big hit it got canceled after only ten episodes.	Have you ever heard of Game Theory, I seem to hear more and more about it now?
Have you ever heard of Game Theory, I seem to hear more and more about it now?	I dont believe I have what is all the hubbub about it?
I dont believe I have what is all the hubbub about it?	I suppose it is just the explanation of how games work and then extrapolating it to the real world.
I suppose it is just the explanation of how games work and then extrapolating it to the real world.	That sounds interesting. Did you know that the official business attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt not a suit and tie?
That sounds interesting. Did you know that the official business attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt not a suit and tie?	Never been one for dressing up myself, I think I'd be happier in one of those aloha shirts than regular office wear. I prefer a polo even more.
Never been one for dressing up myself, I think I'd be happier in one of those aloha shirts than regular office wear. I prefer a polo even more.	Polo does make a nice shirt. Did you know they were originally invented for tennis by rene crocodile lacoste.
Polo does make a nice shirt. Did you know they were originally invented for tennis by rene crocodile lacoste.	Funny to think that a semi dress piece of clothing was made for sport. I guess people were more civilized back then.
Funny to think that a semi dress piece of clothing was made for sport. I guess people were more civilized back then.	Must have been. I heard that at Billy mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants.
Must have been. I heard that at Billy mays funeral the pallbearers wore blue shirts and khaki pants.	That's amusing, I wonder if the funeral was advertised as As Seen On TV!
That's amusing, I wonder if the funeral was advertised as As Seen On TV!	Lol. In China during the cultural revolution gang fashion involved layering as many shirts as you could and then popping the collar. Kind of seems like a strange ritual to me.
Lol. In China during the cultural revolution gang fashion involved layering as many shirts as you could and then popping the collar. Kind of seems like a strange ritual to me.	Kids and gangs will always find a way to subvert the norms. they must have looked kind of odd and immobile, not the best thing for a gang member I would have thought.
Kids and gangs will always find a way to subvert the norms. they must have looked kind of odd and immobile, not the best thing for a gang member I would have thought.	That is so true. So did you know that the top three wealthiest presidents were JF washington and jefferson?
That is so true. So did you know that the top three wealthiest presidents were JF washington and jefferson?	No Trump in there, I guess that goes to the whole tax issue, is he as wealthy as he says he is. Apparently he used to threaten to sue the New York Times whenever they questioned his wealth.
No Trump in there, I guess that goes to the whole tax issue, is he as wealthy as he says he is. Apparently he used to threaten to sue the New York Times whenever they questioned his wealth.	I think he just does not like the NY times. I dont really see how it is peoples business how much money he has. Its nobodies business how much money I have. Just because he has more than me. I should get to know how much he has. It dont make sense.
I think he just does not like the NY times. I dont really see how it is peoples business how much money he has. Its nobodies business how much money I have. Just because he has more than me. I should get to know how much he has. It dont make sense.	Very true, but the President has always made it a central part of his image and drawn attention to it. I really don't care how much he has, but stop telling me how much you have.
Very true, but the President has always made it a central part of his image and drawn attention to it. I really don't care how much he has, but stop telling me how much you have.	Ok. Well good chat. Have a good one.
Ok. Well good chat. Have a good one.	Have a good rest of the day, maybe well chat again, good bye.
Have a good rest of the day, maybe well chat again, good bye.	Do you watch many television shows?
Do you watch many television shows?	Not as much, just a few shows, how about yourself?
Not as much, just a few shows, how about yourself?	Me too, I like the animated ones like south park and family guy the most
Me too, I like the animated ones like south park and family guy the most	Ah yes I used to watch those, I'm currently keeping up with Fresh Off the Boat and Superstore at the moment
Ah yes I used to watch those, I'm currently keeping up with Fresh Off the Boat and Superstore at the moment	nice I still have not seen those but I want to! Did you know when south park made fun of family guy, the simpsons sent them flowers
nice I still have not seen those but I want to! Did you know when south park made fun of family guy, the simpsons sent them flowers	Interesting fact, how did you come about knowing that?
Interesting fact, how did you come about knowing that?	I read it in an article, I guess the simpsons were sick of family guy but not popular enough to take them on, south park was.
I read it in an article, I guess the simpsons were sick of family guy but not popular enough to take them on, south park was.	I see, do you enjoy the shows enough to buy shirts of the shows? Some with your favorite character or favorite quotes?
I see, do you enjoy the shows enough to buy shirts of the shows? Some with your favorite character or favorite quotes?	I used to as a kid, but now not so much. I prefer polo shirts, you?
I used to as a kid, but now not so much. I prefer polo shirts, you?	Got some shirts of my favorite Anime such as Attack on Titan and Kuroko No Basket. But now that I work retail at Target red is a must, so my closet is full of red polos and red tshirts from weekend events we do
Got some shirts of my favorite Anime such as Attack on Titan and Kuroko No Basket. But now that I work retail at Target red is a must, so my closet is full of red polos and red tshirts from weekend events we do	those are sweet shirts! I bet, red all day! Did you get into watching pokemon much?
those are sweet shirts! I bet, red all day! Did you get into watching pokemon much?	As a kid yes, but haven't been watching for a while now, still play the video games though and I'm excited for the new ones coming soon
As a kid yes, but haven't been watching for a while now, still play the video games though and I'm excited for the new ones coming soon	I loved pokemon as a kid, there are 750 episodes of them!
I loved pokemon as a kid, there are 750 episodes of them!	Is that the current total? I feel like there could be more. You ever catch the pokemon marathon stream they did on twitch?
Is that the current total? I feel like there could be more. You ever catch the pokemon marathon stream they did on twitch?	I have not, I need to. That would bring back the good memories! I like watching that 70s show on netflix
I have not, I need to. That would bring back the good memories! I like watching that 70s show on netflix	Was never really a fan of that, a lot of people recommend that and the office but for me it wasn't my personal taste
Was never really a fan of that, a lot of people recommend that and the office but for me it wasn't my personal taste	I love the office, the had a successful UK version too but I did not like that much. There is a that 70s show remake in the UK that only had 10 episodes
I love the office, the had a successful UK version too but I did not like that much. There is a that 70s show remake in the UK that only had 10 episodes	Doesn't sound like it fair well. But
Doesn't sound like it fair well. But	Yea I would be interested to see it, UK and USA have different styles of humor. It was so nice talking with you!
Yea I would be interested to see it, UK and USA have different styles of humor. It was so nice talking with you!	Same with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
Same with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!	thanks! Bye now!
thanks! Bye now!	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest us presidents are?
I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest us presidents are?	Yes that is Jefferson, JFK and Washington
Yes that is Jefferson, JFK and Washington	Yeah. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
Yeah. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	Yes he was called President Banana
Yes he was called President Banana	Yeah. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Yeah. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	Cool. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
Cool. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?	Yes that was the runner up in the election
Yes that was the runner up in the election	Yes. DO you go to libraries much?
Yes. DO you go to libraries much?	A lot. Did you hear of that guy that used the library to learn and defend himself in court?
A lot. Did you hear of that guy that used the library to learn and defend himself in court?	Yes and then he also helped other innocent people too
Yes and then he also helped other innocent people too	Yeah. Did you know in Norway the government buys some books from you when you publish?
Yeah. Did you know in Norway the government buys some books from you when you publish?	Yeah they buy 1000 copies or 1500 if it is a children's book
Yeah they buy 1000 copies or 1500 if it is a children's book	Yeah and they then give it to local libraries
Yeah and they then give it to local libraries	Yes. Did you hear of the library of things where you can get more than just books out of it?
Yes. Did you hear of the library of things where you can get more than just books out of it?	Yes pretty cool. Do you watch tv?
Yes pretty cool. Do you watch tv?	A lot. I love to watch the SImpsons and you?
A lot. I love to watch the SImpsons and you?	Me too. Did you know Bart did not appear in one episode?
Me too. Did you know Bart did not appear in one episode?	Yes and he was not even mentioned in it at all
Yes and he was not even mentioned in it at all	Yeah. Did you ever watch That 70s SHow?
Yeah. Did you ever watch That 70s SHow?	Yes I liked it but it flopped pretty badly in the UK
Yes I liked it but it flopped pretty badly in the UK	Hello, did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson where the three richest Presidents in history.
Hello, did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson where the three richest Presidents in history.	That is surprising to me. When you're a president you get to live in luxury. But did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
That is surprising to me. When you're a president you get to live in luxury. But did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	No, I didn't know that. I did know that the President Banana was what they called the first President of Zimbabwe.
No, I didn't know that. I did know that the President Banana was what they called the first President of Zimbabwe.	I wonder why they would call him that. Apparently being president could be good for your music career. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office
I wonder why they would call him that. Apparently being president could be good for your music career. The president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office	I wonder if Trump sings, lol. I think we should go back to when the runner up for President was automatically the Vice President.
I wonder if Trump sings, lol. I think we should go back to when the runner up for President was automatically the Vice President.	Wow, that would be very interesting. People would be forced to get along somewhat.
Wow, that would be very interesting. People would be forced to get along somewhat.	I think that could be very useful. That is how they did it until 1805.
I think that could be very useful. That is how they did it until 1805.	Yes, then different parties would work together. Have you been to a presidential library?
Yes, then different parties would work together. Have you been to a presidential library?	No I have not. Speaking of libraries and books, if you publish a book in Norway, they will buy 1000 copies and send them to libraries around the country.
No I have not. Speaking of libraries and books, if you publish a book in Norway, they will buy 1000 copies and send them to libraries around the country.	That seems really helpful to new authors.
That seems really helpful to new authors.	Yes, I think that is great. I think it is good that there are more libraries than Mcdonald's in the US.
Yes, I think that is great. I think it is good that there are more libraries than Mcdonald's in the US.	In Sacramento you can check out more than books, even sewing machines.
In Sacramento you can check out more than books, even sewing machines.	Really, that is cool. Are you a Tv fan. I am a huge tv and movie buff. Did you know that there is only one episode that Bart Simpson did not appear in or is mentioned.
Really, that is cool. Are you a Tv fan. I am a huge tv and movie buff. Did you know that there is only one episode that Bart Simpson did not appear in or is mentioned.	No, I had not heard that. I wonder why they decided to omit him. Are you into Pokemon? Apparently there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon!
No, I had not heard that. I wonder why they decided to omit him. Are you into Pokemon? Apparently there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon!	My son loved Pokemon when he was young. He loved Thomas the Tank engine also. George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, and Ringo Star all narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes.
My son loved Pokemon when he was young. He loved Thomas the Tank engine also. George Carlin, Alec Baldwin, and Ringo Star all narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes.	Sometimes when a show is good they try to remake it. They tried to redo that 70s show in the UK, verbatim, and it only lasted ten episodes
Sometimes when a show is good they try to remake it. They tried to redo that 70s show in the UK, verbatim, and it only lasted ten episodes	Guess they like different things over there. I heard the Simpsons crew send the producers of South Park flowers when they aired its Family Guy episode finale.
Guess they like different things over there. I heard the Simpsons crew send the producers of South Park flowers when they aired its Family Guy episode finale.	I think it might have just been because the remake wasn't as good. It will be interesting to see if libraries survive in this age of internet and television.
I think it might have just been because the remake wasn't as good. It will be interesting to see if libraries survive in this age of internet and television.	I know, I will be surprised if it does. The television can transmit in monochrome or in colour. It can also be in two or three dimensions and sound.
I know, I will be surprised if it does. The television can transmit in monochrome or in colour. It can also be in two or three dimensions and sound.	We have come a long way from those large cathode tube tvs
We have come a long way from those large cathode tube tvs	Well, thanks for the chat. Happy New Year.
Well, thanks for the chat. Happy New Year.	Hi, do you follow politics?
Hi, do you follow politics?	Good afternoon, I follow enough to keep up with what's going on. Lately, it's been very depressing. How about you?
Good afternoon, I follow enough to keep up with what's going on. Lately, it's been very depressing. How about you?	About the same. Already sick of the 2020 elections....
About the same. Already sick of the 2020 elections....	I agree, it's going to be a clown circus, again with the world watching. I wonder how the Indonesian people felt when their president released those 3 Pop albums while president?
I agree, it's going to be a clown circus, again with the world watching. I wonder how the Indonesian people felt when their president released those 3 Pop albums while president?	Who knows?
Who knows?	Lol, I guess we're not the only ones in the world doing unique things.
Lol, I guess we're not the only ones in the world doing unique things.	No, we just perfected it!
No, we just perfected it!	Well, we're Americans, the world would expect nothing less. Lol What really would have been funny is if that rule where the first runner up automatically became Vice president was still in effect. That would have put the icing on the cake with Trump and Hillary!
Well, we're Americans, the world would expect nothing less. Lol What really would have been funny is if that rule where the first runner up automatically became Vice president was still in effect. That would have put the icing on the cake with Trump and Hillary!	I cannot imagine the current state if that happened. The guest house is bigger than the white house!
I cannot imagine the current state if that happened. The guest house is bigger than the white house!	I've seen the White House before on a school field trip when I was a child. I wasn't impressed, it looked tiny then and even tinier, now.
I've seen the White House before on a school field trip when I was a child. I wasn't impressed, it looked tiny then and even tinier, now.	I have never been and I feel like I missed out. I want to go see all of that stuff. I am into history so it would be important.
I have never been and I feel like I missed out. I want to go see all of that stuff. I am into history so it would be important.	Yes, you should do it. It used to be alot more accessible before 9/11, but it's important and I think everyone should check it out at least once. Williamsburg, too that was cool!
Yes, you should do it. It used to be alot more accessible before 9/11, but it's important and I think everyone should check it out at least once. Williamsburg, too that was cool!	Williamsburg? PA?
Williamsburg? PA?	Virginia, the capital of the Virginia colony from 1699- 1780. Very historic.
Virginia, the capital of the Virginia colony from 1699- 1780. Very historic.	I will have to check that out. I have young ones and want to expose them to that stuff so they have an understanding of it.
I will have to check that out. I have young ones and want to expose them to that stuff so they have an understanding of it.	That's good, Washington D.C., Williamsburg, and hit the Amish country while you're right there. I want to go on that trip! I think I just planned myself a summer vacation. Anyway, getting back on task, do you know who the top 3 wealthiest U.S. Presidents were? And I guess the operative word is WERE.
That's good, Washington D.C., Williamsburg, and hit the Amish country while you're right there. I want to go on that trip! I think I just planned myself a summer vacation. Anyway, getting back on task, do you know who the top 3 wealthiest U.S. Presidents were? And I guess the operative word is WERE.	I have no idea? Was JFK one. I know his dad was wealthy.
I have no idea? Was JFK one. I know his dad was wealthy.	Yes, he was along with Washington, and Jefferson. Somehow, I think Trump will eventually be added to that list, though. Isn't he like a billionaire?
Yes, he was along with Washington, and Jefferson. Somehow, I think Trump will eventually be added to that list, though. Isn't he like a billionaire?	I am not sure. I know he inherited like $400M. I read an article that, based on the amount of time, amount of inheritance, and an 8% RoR, the average investor could be as rich as him.
I am not sure. I know he inherited like $400M. I read an article that, based on the amount of time, amount of inheritance, and an 8% RoR, the average investor could be as rich as him.	Well, he's not that special then is he? He might not be on the wealthiest president list.
Well, he's not that special then is he? He might not be on the wealthiest president list.	It has been great chatting with you! Enjoy the rest of your day!
It has been great chatting with you! Enjoy the rest of your day!	How's it going, did you know the functions of the president is different for each state they are in?
How's it going, did you know the functions of the president is different for each state they are in?	I did not know that. I would think that would be more the Governor's responsibility. I do like when the President has a pet, like a dog, who are actually not colorblind.
I did not know that. I would think that would be more the Governor's responsibility. I do like when the President has a pet, like a dog, who are actually not colorblind.	Nice, I wonder if the first president of Zimbabwe had a dog or other pets
Nice, I wonder if the first president of Zimbabwe had a dog or other pets	I wonder too. If he was the President of Istanbul he would have approved of vending machines that release food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.
I wonder too. If he was the President of Istanbul he would have approved of vending machines that release food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.	That's pretty cool Istanbul does that, I wonder if JFK, Washington, or Jefferson did nice things for dogs too since they were the 3 wealthiest US presidents
That's pretty cool Istanbul does that, I wonder if JFK, Washington, or Jefferson did nice things for dogs too since they were the 3 wealthiest US presidents	I wouldn't doubt it. Google is some of the wealthiest businessman and they prefer dogs to cats. Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.
I wouldn't doubt it. Google is some of the wealthiest businessman and they prefer dogs to cats. Their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company.	That is pretty cool, I wonder if the Sacramento Public library of things let's you check out dogs
That is pretty cool, I wonder if the Sacramento Public library of things let's you check out dogs	I have not heard of such a thing. But I do know that the dog would know what book you are pointing to. Only dogs and elephants instinctively understand pointing.
I have not heard of such a thing. But I do know that the dog would know what book you are pointing to. Only dogs and elephants instinctively understand pointing.	That's pretty cool, I know there's some cool dog shows on tv and plus they are common in tv advertising too
That's pretty cool, I know there's some cool dog shows on tv and plus they are common in tv advertising too	They should have a commercial for dog blood drives. There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have and they accept donations from other dogs.
They should have a commercial for dog blood drives. There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have and they accept donations from other dogs.	Yea, it be cool if the White House raised awareness for it or did a blood drive in the guest house since it is bigger than the actual White House
Yea, it be cool if the White House raised awareness for it or did a blood drive in the guest house since it is bigger than the actual White House	That would be awesome. The White House should put an emphasis on environmental issues. Did you know that more than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed?
That would be awesome. The White House should put an emphasis on environmental issues. Did you know that more than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed?	That is a shame, maybe they could make more people aware of it with programs at the library since more than half of all US adults have a library card
That is a shame, maybe they could make more people aware of it with programs at the library since more than half of all US adults have a library card	That is great that so many people use the library! It is interesting because there are tons of history books in the library but if the earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!
That is great that so many people use the library! It is interesting because there are tons of history books in the library but if the earth's entire history was viewed as a 24 hour period, humans would only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds!	That's insane humans have been around for such a short time and our accomplishments in that time were over 750 episodes of pokemon lol
That's insane humans have been around for such a short time and our accomplishments in that time were over 750 episodes of pokemon lol	Isn't it amazing? Some Pokemon are kind of like Aliens. In 2010 the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they make contact.
Isn't it amazing? Some Pokemon are kind of like Aliens. In 2010 the UN appointed an ambassador to extraterrestrials in case they make contact.	That is strange the UN would do that, maybe they could give visiting Aliens one of the 3 pop albums released by the president of Indonesia
That is strange the UN would do that, maybe they could give visiting Aliens one of the 3 pop albums released by the president of Indonesia	I would hope they would enjoy it, otherwise it might end up like a horror movie. If I watched that film I could burn up to 180 calories.
I would hope they would enjoy it, otherwise it might end up like a horror movie. If I watched that film I could burn up to 180 calories.	That's pretty crazy, like the runner up becoming vice president until 1805, that sounds like a horror movie
That's pretty crazy, like the runner up becoming vice president until 1805, that sounds like a horror movie	Haha. It really does. I can just picture the two of them furious at each other, ready to murder. I can picture the creepy metallic noises in horror movies made with the instrument called a waterphone.
Haha. It really does. I can just picture the two of them furious at each other, ready to murder. I can picture the creepy metallic noises in horror movies made with the instrument called a waterphone.	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	Hi. I heard an interesting fact recently. Did you know that the three richest presidents ever were washington, jefferson, and jfk?
Hi. I heard an interesting fact recently. Did you know that the three richest presidents ever were washington, jefferson, and jfk?	Hello, they must have accomplished to people's satisfactions.
Hello, they must have accomplished to people's satisfactions.	I guess so. You know, in different countries a president has different roles and functions.
I guess so. You know, in different countries a president has different roles and functions.	I bet they do. The first president was named president banana in Zimbabwe.
I bet they do. The first president was named president banana in Zimbabwe.	I wonder what his role was? Our country has an interesting history. I mean, up until 1805 a president's competition became his vice president. Imagine how that would be now!
I wonder what his role was? Our country has an interesting history. I mean, up until 1805 a president's competition became his vice president. Imagine how that would be now!	I wonder that as well. There would be a lot of work. It is odd that President Harry Truman did not want a picture of him on the Dumbo ride to the Republicans. I wonder why.
I wonder that as well. There would be a lot of work. It is odd that President Harry Truman did not want a picture of him on the Dumbo ride to the Republicans. I wonder why.	Oh yeah! That's another interesting tid bit from history! I always heard it was so he would not be associated with republicans.
Oh yeah! That's another interesting tid bit from history! I always heard it was so he would not be associated with republicans.	Is there a symbolism behind dumbo? Was he embarrassed?
Is there a symbolism behind dumbo? Was he embarrassed?	I assume it was because dumbo is an elephant.
I assume it was because dumbo is an elephant.	This is random, but elephants represent good luck.
This is random, but elephants represent good luck.	Elephants represent the republican party. Donkeys represent the democratic party. There hasn't been a president from another party besides those two in over a 100 years now.
Elephants represent the republican party. Donkeys represent the democratic party. There hasn't been a president from another party besides those two in over a 100 years now.	I was about to search it, but now I recall. Maybe he thinks that it would be an insult to the republicans.
I was about to search it, but now I recall. Maybe he thinks that it would be an insult to the republicans.	Could have been. It's weird about the donkey and elephant symbols but they've been around for a long time. The colors red and blue only started really being used in 2000.
Could have been. It's weird about the donkey and elephant symbols but they've been around for a long time. The colors red and blue only started really being used in 2000.	Blue for the democrats and red for the republicans.
Blue for the democrats and red for the republicans.	Right. A lot of old things from the past are still relevant today though. For example, radios can be used to pick up storms on Jupiter.
Right. A lot of old things from the past are still relevant today though. For example, radios can be used to pick up storms on Jupiter.	That is crazy. Well, there is technology that can detect that with radio waves or electromagnetic energy.
That is crazy. Well, there is technology that can detect that with radio waves or electromagnetic energy.	Yes, and radios can be so simple. Back in World War 2 soldiers made radios by using razor blades and pencils.
Yes, and radios can be so simple. Back in World War 2 soldiers made radios by using razor blades and pencils.	That is interesting. They named them foxhole radios.
That is interesting. They named them foxhole radios.	I guess that fits. You know, those old radio dramas are still relevant today too. There's a website the has thousands of episodes people can listen to.
I guess that fits. You know, those old radio dramas are still relevant today too. There's a website the has thousands of episodes people can listen to.	Plus, they are free!
Plus, they are free!	Free is always good. But radio in some countries still has to obey laws. Canada has a law for example, that all radio stations must play at least 40% of the music in Canadian.
Free is always good. But radio in some countries still has to obey laws. Canada has a law for example, that all radio stations must play at least 40% of the music in Canadian.	Well, that makes sense. They have to keep their culture and heritage alive.
Well, that makes sense. They have to keep their culture and heritage alive.	True. So even radios have something to do with history.
True. So even radios have something to do with history.	Of course they do. It was nice chatting with you.
Of course they do. It was nice chatting with you.	Do you like football ?
Do you like football ?	Hey ya I like the NFL and college! My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offense. What about you?
Hey ya I like the NFL and college! My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offense. What about you?	The quarterback has a lot of responsibilities, he is the leader. Too much responsibilities for me . I like defense.
The quarterback has a lot of responsibilities, he is the leader. Too much responsibilities for me . I like defense.	Oh nice. Well have you heard the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. No defense for Cumberland in that game!
Oh nice. Well have you heard the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0 when Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland. No defense for Cumberland in that game!	I would you feel if you were on the winning team ? As for I would feel kind of bad.
I would you feel if you were on the winning team ? As for I would feel kind of bad.	Yeah I would feel bad too. Bad sportsmanship. Isn't it odd that pro bowlers used to make more money than pro football players in the 1960's!
Yeah I would feel bad too. Bad sportsmanship. Isn't it odd that pro bowlers used to make more money than pro football players in the 1960's!	It was another era, people had different interests. Fantasy football was not big at that time, now we have analysts in fantasy football.
It was another era, people had different interests. Fantasy football was not big at that time, now we have analysts in fantasy football.	True. Fantasy football is huge. They also have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!
True. Fantasy football is huge. They also have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!	I wonder how do you choose your team in a fantasy spelling bee. You have to know a lot about an obscure competition.
I wonder how do you choose your team in a fantasy spelling bee. You have to know a lot about an obscure competition.	Yea it would be funny. The fantasy genre is popular too. A janitor from Chicago wrote over six years a 15, 145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor pictures!
Yea it would be funny. The fantasy genre is popular too. A janitor from Chicago wrote over six years a 15, 145 page fantasy manuscript with over 300 watercolor pictures!	That is a lot, it would take me years to read that,. do you like the fantasy genre ?
That is a lot, it would take me years to read that,. do you like the fantasy genre ?	Me too! Sometimes but it's not my favorite. I like comedy like the author Terry Pratchett.
Me too! Sometimes but it's not my favorite. I like comedy like the author Terry Pratchett.	He is very good, I think he deserved to be knighted, don't you ?
He is very good, I think he deserved to be knighted, don't you ?	Yeah I agree I think he deserved it! I think many NFL players are big celebrities. I think it's surprising there is only one left handed QB in the NFL.
Yeah I agree I think he deserved it! I think many NFL players are big celebrities. I think it's surprising there is only one left handed QB in the NFL.	That is quite a statistical anomaly. Maybe coaches are used to make plays for right handed people.
That is quite a statistical anomaly. Maybe coaches are used to make plays for right handed people.	Yeah that's a good point. Must not be an advantage. The circular huddle was originally developed for a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't read his hand signals. Now everyone uses them!
Yeah that's a good point. Must not be an advantage. The circular huddle was originally developed for a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't read his hand signals. Now everyone uses them!	Imagine the other team trying to hear what they are saying if they did not know that he was deaf. It must have drive them crazy.
Imagine the other team trying to hear what they are saying if they did not know that he was deaf. It must have drive them crazy.	Yeah I bet it did.The QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football to instead be a competitive video game player. I think he made the right choice to play football, he is so good.
Yeah I bet it did.The QB Baker Mayfield almost quit football to instead be a competitive video game player. I think he made the right choice to play football, he is so good.	And Halo 3 is not the best video game to be a professional, I don't think it pays as much as a pro footballer.
And Halo 3 is not the best video game to be a professional, I don't think it pays as much as a pro footballer.	I loved Halo 3! What is the highest paying video game I wonder? He must have a big brain. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.
I loved Halo 3! What is the highest paying video game I wonder? He must have a big brain. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy.	That why when we dream that fold must be turned off. Thanks for the conversation.
That why when we dream that fold must be turned off. Thanks for the conversation.	How familiar are you with presidents of states?
How familiar are you with presidents of states?	Hello there, I am a bit familiar, how about you?
Hello there, I am a bit familiar, how about you?	It is interesting how the same position of president can either be largely ceremonial or be a dictator
It is interesting how the same position of president can either be largely ceremonial or be a dictator	That is interesting, do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
That is interesting, do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	President banana right? He must eat banana every breakfast, lunch, and dinner
President banana right? He must eat banana every breakfast, lunch, and dinner	Yeah good call! And I think it was because his name was very similar, but I could be wrong.
Yeah good call! And I think it was because his name was very similar, but I could be wrong.	What do you think of the previous tradition of the runner up becoming the VP in the us?
What do you think of the previous tradition of the runner up becoming the VP in the us?	I think that is very interesting, and I wonder what would happen if we went back to that type of system.
I think that is very interesting, and I wonder what would happen if we went back to that type of system.	I'm just happy that we don't have both trump and hillary in the highest positions of power
I'm just happy that we don't have both trump and hillary in the highest positions of power	That is very true, but what would happen if they were forced to work together, or at least try to?
That is very true, but what would happen if they were forced to work together, or at least try to?	Chaos?
Chaos?	Yeah most likely. Did you hear about the president of Indonesia?
Yeah most likely. Did you hear about the president of Indonesia?	how he released 3 pop albums? He sure know what to do right
how he released 3 pop albums? He sure know what to do right	Yeah isn't that funny, I bet those albums all sold really well and he made a lot of money!
Yeah isn't that funny, I bet those albums all sold really well and he made a lot of money!	What would be even more crazy if his music was really really good
What would be even more crazy if his music was really really good	Yeah that is true, or like completely different from the normal pop music they have there.
Yeah that is true, or like completely different from the normal pop music they have there.	I wonder if Indoneasia still prevalently uses the radio
I wonder if Indoneasia still prevalently uses the radio	I bet they do, I know I found a good local station lately that I really enjoy. Do you listen to the radio much?
I bet they do, I know I found a good local station lately that I really enjoy. Do you listen to the radio much?	I actually haven't though I am interested in the application of radio waves in deep space exploration
I actually haven't though I am interested in the application of radio waves in deep space exploration	Yes, that is super interesting stuff. Did you read about the radio storms on Jupiter?
Yes, that is super interesting stuff. Did you read about the radio storms on Jupiter?	Yes, I think you would need a more sophisticated radio than a simple foxhole radio to pick them up though
Yes, I think you would need a more sophisticated radio than a simple foxhole radio to pick them up though	Yeah that is also true. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good weekend.
Yeah that is also true. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good weekend.	HI how are you?
HI how are you?	I'm fine. How are you doing?
I'm fine. How are you doing?	Great do you follow politics?
Great do you follow politics?	Sometimes I follow politics. What about you?
Sometimes I follow politics. What about you?	Same here! Voters in North Virginia seemed to really support Hilary 2 years ago.
Same here! Voters in North Virginia seemed to really support Hilary 2 years ago.	The political winds change direction so rapidly some times. I wonder how Virginia will vote in the 2020.
The political winds change direction so rapidly some times. I wonder how Virginia will vote in the 2020.	Im sure probably not for Trump!
Im sure probably not for Trump!	I have no idea what will happen. I think people underestimated Trump's popularity last time, so I won't do that this time.
I have no idea what will happen. I think people underestimated Trump's popularity last time, so I won't do that this time.	Same here! I did not know the republican party was referred to as the grand old party!
Same here! I did not know the republican party was referred to as the grand old party!	The GOP. Part of a two-party system that needs new parties.
The GOP. Part of a two-party system that needs new parties.	And it was named after a major ideology of the american revolution.
And it was named after a major ideology of the american revolution.	It's interesting that the Voting Right Act of 64 led to a shift in the party's base. I wonder if there are more beards in the Republican party now.
It's interesting that the Voting Right Act of 64 led to a shift in the party's base. I wonder if there are more beards in the Republican party now.	If mormons have beards than probably! Did not know mormons are heavily republican.
If mormons have beards than probably! Did not know mormons are heavily republican.	I suppose they are socially and economically conservative.I did not know that blue and red for the parties started in 2000.
I suppose they are socially and economically conservative.I did not know that blue and red for the parties started in 2000.	And the republican party was aligned with Christian conservatism by 2000.
And the republican party was aligned with Christian conservatism by 2000.	Yes, the religious aspect of the party has changed its character. I wish politics were driven by social concerns, not religious ones.
Yes, the religious aspect of the party has changed its character. I wish politics were driven by social concerns, not religious ones.	I also agree. Are you religious?
I also agree. Are you religious?	No, not really. I think there are issues that members of both parties need to address for the middle and working classes, who have been split by religious issues. The social issues do not get resolves, as a result. Did you know that Trump is not one of the three richest presidents?
No, not really. I think there are issues that members of both parties need to address for the middle and working classes, who have been split by religious issues. The social issues do not get resolves, as a result. Did you know that Trump is not one of the three richest presidents?	Did not know that. I thought he would be.
Did not know that. I thought he would be.	Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! I hope you vote in the 2020.
Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! I hope you vote in the 2020.	Yes I will! Nice chatting!
Yes I will! Nice chatting!	Have a good day!
Have a good day!	You too!
You too!	Thanks!
Thanks!	Anytime!
Anytime!	Bye!
Bye!	Adios!
Adios!	Vaya con nachos!
Vaya con nachos!	Do you play fantasy football?
Do you play fantasy football?	No, but I fantasize about playing football... Does that count? Like, I imagine myself as Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB currently in the NFL. WHat are your fantasies?
No, but I fantasize about playing football... Does that count? Like, I imagine myself as Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB currently in the NFL. WHat are your fantasies?	I guess it does, I dont play fantasy football so yeah, and is he the only left handed QB? interesting fact!
I guess it does, I dont play fantasy football so yeah, and is he the only left handed QB? interesting fact!	One of my oldtime favorites was Jim Kelley of the Bills, who was also a lefty, but Kellan is the only lefty in the game today. Do you know who are the only African-American QBs to have won the Superbowl?
One of my oldtime favorites was Jim Kelley of the Bills, who was also a lefty, but Kellan is the only lefty in the game today. Do you know who are the only African-American QBs to have won the Superbowl?	I didnt know that either, only one? I guess most QB are mostly white
I didnt know that either, only one? I guess most QB are mostly white	Two African-American QBs have won the SUperbowl: Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.
Two African-American QBs have won the SUperbowl: Doug Williams and Russell Wilson.	I remember Russell Wilson he was a really talented QB, Im guessing you know who Brady is
I remember Russell Wilson he was a really talented QB, Im guessing you know who Brady is	Of course. Didn't he have a TV show: The Brady Bunch? Oh, I guess that is fantasy! Did you ever see the movie, The Dark Crystal, directed by Jim Henson?
Of course. Didn't he have a TV show: The Brady Bunch? Oh, I guess that is fantasy! Did you ever see the movie, The Dark Crystal, directed by Jim Henson?	Im not sure about that, he used to play for the Jnipero High School team, the coach benched him the whole season, I guess he though Brady had no talent
Im not sure about that, he used to play for the Jnipero High School team, the coach benched him the whole season, I guess he though Brady had no talent	Well, Brady sure proved him wrong! You know, there is a football stadium in Allen texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million? Yeah, football is big in Texas...
Well, Brady sure proved him wrong! You know, there is a football stadium in Allen texas that seats 18,000 and cost $60 million? Yeah, football is big in Texas...	He did, Brady is now a hall of famer and to many the best QB of NFL history, and really $60 million!!!! wow, thats a lot of money,
He did, Brady is now a hall of famer and to many the best QB of NFL history, and really $60 million!!!! wow, thats a lot of money,	I bet Brady makes a lot of money too! The US pays big time for football players and coaches! Did you know2 that the highest paid Dept of Defense employees are football coaches?
I bet Brady makes a lot of money too! The US pays big time for football players and coaches! Did you know2 that the highest paid Dept of Defense employees are football coaches?	I bet he does too, and no, thats a new fact, interesting, why would the department of defence need coaches?
I bet he does too, and no, thats a new fact, interesting, why would the department of defence need coaches?	They coach the service branch teams (Army, Navy, Air force). Huge stadiums at their academies too! You know that 14 of 25 biggest stadiums are college football stadiums?
They coach the service branch teams (Army, Navy, Air force). Huge stadiums at their academies too! You know that 14 of 25 biggest stadiums are college football stadiums?	Really? college stadiums and not pro stadiums? I guess college football also moves a lot of cash,
Really? college stadiums and not pro stadiums? I guess college football also moves a lot of cash,	Yeah. Big money for colleges. I like how football brings families together. Like, the rapper Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for is son's high school football team.
Yeah. Big money for colleges. I like how football brings families together. Like, the rapper Snoop Dog wrote a fight song for is son's high school football team.	Snoop Dog is one of my favorite performers, football is a nice game, ESPN made one of the most valuable contributions to the game
Snoop Dog is one of my favorite performers, football is a nice game, ESPN made one of the most valuable contributions to the game	Yeah? What would that be?
Yeah? What would that be?	The yellow first down line, ESPN even won and award thanks to it.
The yellow first down line, ESPN even won and award thanks to it.	Interesting world we live in where people are hailed for superimposing imaginary lines on TV screens! Sounds like fantasy. Did you know that there is an actual university twhere a person can study Sci Fi and Fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies? Imaginary lines...Imaginary tales...
Interesting world we live in where people are hailed for superimposing imaginary lines on TV screens! Sounds like fantasy. Did you know that there is an actual university twhere a person can study Sci Fi and Fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies? Imaginary lines...Imaginary tales...	I didnt know that but if people play fantasy spelling bee I guess anything is possible,
I didnt know that but if people play fantasy spelling bee I guess anything is possible,	Do you listen to the radio
Do you listen to the radio	Yes. I love the radio. You can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas on the internet for free!
Yes. I love the radio. You can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas on the internet for free!	That is interesting, that would make a long road trip a lot better with those. Do you ever get the jupiter radio storms on your am radio?
That is interesting, that would make a long road trip a lot better with those. Do you ever get the jupiter radio storms on your am radio?	I don't know what the Jupiter radio storms are supposed to sound like. That would be lovely to hear. It's amazing they can so easily be heard.
I don't know what the Jupiter radio storms are supposed to sound like. That would be lovely to hear. It's amazing they can so easily be heard.	I would listen to them the whole car ride I think! Did you hear about the canadian law surrounding radios?
I would listen to them the whole car ride I think! Did you hear about the canadian law surrounding radios?	Yeah. Almost at least half of music played has to be Canadian. That seems like it is inspired by nationalism.
Yeah. Almost at least half of music played has to be Canadian. That seems like it is inspired by nationalism.	That sounds about right, imagine listening to baby all the time by bieber lol
That sounds about right, imagine listening to baby all the time by bieber lol	In Canada I guess if you listen to the radio a lot, you can consider yourself very knowledgeable in Canadian music. There is also a finish radio station that is conducted entirely in classical latin. You can listen to that and stay up to date on latin!
In Canada I guess if you listen to the radio a lot, you can consider yourself very knowledgeable in Canadian music. There is also a finish radio station that is conducted entirely in classical latin. You can listen to that and stay up to date on latin!	That would be so awesome to listen to. I want to hear latin!
That would be so awesome to listen to. I want to hear latin!	I am still so amazed that Jupiter's radio storms can be heard on an AM radio. Radios can be made with razor blades and pencils. We can reach the stars with so little resources!
I am still so amazed that Jupiter's radio storms can be heard on an AM radio. Radios can be made with razor blades and pencils. We can reach the stars with so little resources!	I heard about that, they were called foxhole radios! So interesting and so much engineering involved
I heard about that, they were called foxhole radios! So interesting and so much engineering involved	Have you ever listened to politics on the radio? The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums. It would be funny if every politician made songs. That way we could hear political debates followed by their songs.
Have you ever listened to politics on the radio? The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums. It would be funny if every politician made songs. That way we could hear political debates followed by their songs.	That is awesome. Trump could make one too and it could help his popularity lol
That is awesome. Trump could make one too and it could help his popularity lol	The first president of zimbabwe was called banana. If he made an album the title of his album might of been "The trials and lessons of President Banana".
The first president of zimbabwe was called banana. If he made an album the title of his album might of been "The trials and lessons of President Banana".	lol I would for sure listen to that one! Do you think trump is one of the richest presidents?
lol I would for sure listen to that one! Do you think trump is one of the richest presidents?	I'm not that knowledgeable of all the presidents. I do know some presidents come from humble backgrounds unlike Trump.
I'm not that knowledgeable of all the presidents. I do know some presidents come from humble backgrounds unlike Trump.	For sure, I know that jfk, washington, and jefferson are up there on that list of richest
For sure, I know that jfk, washington, and jefferson are up there on that list of richest	Richard Nixon was an actor before he became president. I guess he somehow wasn't one of the wealthiest presidents though.
Richard Nixon was an actor before he became president. I guess he somehow wasn't one of the wealthiest presidents though.	Wow I never knew that about Nixon. I know Reagan was also.
Wow I never knew that about Nixon. I know Reagan was also.	Or maybe it was Reagan I was thinking of. See, I don't know much about presidents.
Or maybe it was Reagan I was thinking of. See, I don't know much about presidents.	I don't either lol. At least I don't think I do. It was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your weekend!
I don't either lol. At least I don't think I do. It was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your weekend!	Do you follow politics much?
Do you follow politics much?	I follow it from time to time yes what about you? What do you think about the Republican Party?
I follow it from time to time yes what about you? What do you think about the Republican Party?	I dont like it, I prefer democrats, every president with a beard has been a republican thats a strange fact
I dont like it, I prefer democrats, every president with a beard has been a republican thats a strange fact	That is very strange. Also strange that Hillary Clinton used to be a republican in college.
That is very strange. Also strange that Hillary Clinton used to be a republican in college.	Interesting, I didn't know that about her.
Interesting, I didn't know that about her.	LOL yep if only she didn't shave that beard haha. Interesting that Ayn Rand was on Social Security and also Medicare. I know that the Tea Party is mostly against those things
LOL yep if only she didn't shave that beard haha. Interesting that Ayn Rand was on Social Security and also Medicare. I know that the Tea Party is mostly against those things	I dont really know who Ayn Rand is so no opinion there, you know the red and blue colors of the parties started back in the year 2000, it does seem like a longer time
I dont really know who Ayn Rand is so no opinion there, you know the red and blue colors of the parties started back in the year 2000, it does seem like a longer time	It does seem longer doesn't it? I thought that it was always like that even when I was a kid haha. I also didn't know that Republicans and Democrats play in annual baseball games. They've been doing that since 1909
It does seem longer doesn't it? I thought that it was always like that even when I was a kid haha. I also didn't know that Republicans and Democrats play in annual baseball games. They've been doing that since 1909	They have? thats also new for me, who holds the title of champion?
They have? thats also new for me, who holds the title of champion?	I think overall the Republicans are leading by three wins. That's over a long time though LOL. Another interesting thing is that Richard Nixon was considering to propose a law to guarantee a minimum income
I think overall the Republicans are leading by three wins. That's over a long time though LOL. Another interesting thing is that Richard Nixon was considering to propose a law to guarantee a minimum income	It must be a really competitive game then, Nixon was a good president I liked him, theres also an interesting fact that involces Truman and Dumbo,
It must be a really competitive game then, Nixon was a good president I liked him, theres also an interesting fact that involces Truman and Dumbo,	Oh what is the fact? One fact that I know is that the last US president and only one to have a Ph.D is Woodward Wilson.
Oh what is the fact? One fact that I know is that the last US president and only one to have a Ph.D is Woodward Wilson.	He refused to take a picture on the dumbo ride because he didnt want to be associated with republicans, poor little Dumbo
He refused to take a picture on the dumbo ride because he didnt want to be associated with republicans, poor little Dumbo	Haha poor Dumbo indeed. one thing I like about Guatemala is that relatives of former president cannot become the president. I think that's a good law that we should have that here
Haha poor Dumbo indeed. one thing I like about Guatemala is that relatives of former president cannot become the president. I think that's a good law that we should have that here	I agree that will prevent authoritarian regimes, I think its a great law actually, did you hear about president Banana of Zimbabwe?
I agree that will prevent authoritarian regimes, I think its a great law actually, did you hear about president Banana of Zimbabwe?	I did hear about him. Is that his nickname or his real name though? I can never figure that out haha
I did hear about him. Is that his nickname or his real name though? I can never figure that out haha	It was his real name, Canaan Banana I think its really funny
It was his real name, Canaan Banana I think its really funny	Oh wow so it is his real name haha. How often do you listen to the radio by the way?
Oh wow so it is his real name haha. How often do you listen to the radio by the way?	Not as much as I used to but I listen to the radio every day to work my comute is short so not much really, do you listen to it a lot?
Not as much as I used to but I listen to the radio every day to work my comute is short so not much really, do you listen to it a lot?	I don't really listen to it that much no I mostly listen to YouTube and stuff. I want to listen to the radio station that translates solar energy into sound. That way I can listen to the sun LOL
I don't really listen to it that much no I mostly listen to YouTube and stuff. I want to listen to the radio station that translates solar energy into sound. That way I can listen to the sun LOL	Thats cool I hear radios can also pick up Jupiter Storms, some of them are so strong and AM frequency can pick them
Thats cool I hear radios can also pick up Jupiter Storms, some of them are so strong and AM frequency can pick them	Do you play fantasy football?
Do you play fantasy football?	I don't, but I have some friends who do. I guess there are a lot of things that have a fantasy version, such as the National Spelling Bee
I don't, but I have some friends who do. I guess there are a lot of things that have a fantasy version, such as the National Spelling Bee	Wow! I bet there's one for chess, too. Have you ever heard of the fantasy book called "In the Realms of the Unread?"
Wow! I bet there's one for chess, too. Have you ever heard of the fantasy book called "In the Realms of the Unread?"	Is that the manuscript with over 15,000 pages and watercolor illustrations? That would take a long time to read
Is that the manuscript with over 15,000 pages and watercolor illustrations? That would take a long time to read	Yes, but it sounds amazing! They could make a game or movie out of it. Too bad it was discovered after the writer died.
Yes, but it sounds amazing! They could make a game or movie out of it. Too bad it was discovered after the writer died.	That would be an interesting movie. Terry Pratchett who writes comedic fantasy was knighted for his works
That would be an interesting movie. Terry Pratchett who writes comedic fantasy was knighted for his works	Cool! There is even a fantasy for congress. I wonder if they have all the political parties and everything?
Cool! There is even a fantasy for congress. I wonder if they have all the political parties and everything?	If they do, it would be a great way to teach political science students! They could have their own contests throughout the semester over fantasy congress
If they do, it would be a great way to teach political science students! They could have their own contests throughout the semester over fantasy congress	That does sound very fun! They wouldn't be able to have it at conflicting times as the football games, though.
That does sound very fun! They wouldn't be able to have it at conflicting times as the football games, though.	I wonder of fantasy bowling has ever been a thing, or if it's pointless since the top bowlers don't get as much attention or money as they did in the 60s
I wonder of fantasy bowling has ever been a thing, or if it's pointless since the top bowlers don't get as much attention or money as they did in the 60s	True! Bowling is a log of fun, but football is definitely more popular. If you played football, what do you think your position would be? Quarterback?
True! Bowling is a log of fun, but football is definitely more popular. If you played football, what do you think your position would be? Quarterback?	I'm definitely better at catching than I am throwing. I wonder how much training it would take to catch for a lefty QB. I should find out what team Kellan Moore is on and watch a game
I'm definitely better at catching than I am throwing. I wonder how much training it would take to catch for a lefty QB. I should find out what team Kellan Moore is on and watch a game	I think I'd like to be the person that kicks the ball across the field in football, but that's just a fantasy.
I think I'd like to be the person that kicks the ball across the field in football, but that's just a fantasy.	The punter? I wonder how often they touch the ball compared to the QB
The punter? I wonder how often they touch the ball compared to the QB	Probably not often. Did you know the highest ever football score was 222 and the other team scored 0. That must have been a very uneven match..
Probably not often. Did you know the highest ever football score was 222 and the other team scored 0. That must have been a very uneven match..	Good thing television wasn't around during that game, because Cumberland wouldn't want to see clips of themselves losing for the rest of their lives
Good thing television wasn't around during that game, because Cumberland wouldn't want to see clips of themselves losing for the rest of their lives	Very embarrassing! Sort of like how the U of Iowa's locker room is painted pink for the visiting football team?
Very embarrassing! Sort of like how the U of Iowa's locker room is painted pink for the visiting football team?	I wonder if the psychology behind that actually works on the other team or not. It would be funny if pink just happened to be the color paint that was on sale
I wonder if the psychology behind that actually works on the other team or not. It would be funny if pink just happened to be the color paint that was on sale	In my high school the football team was weird, especially the quarterback. I can actually see them enjoying the locker room pink. They were very mischievous.
In my high school the football team was weird, especially the quarterback. I can actually see them enjoying the locker room pink. They were very mischievous.	He probably wasn't as smart as Alex Smith who started college as a junior. His academics definitely didn't hurt his NFL draft
He probably wasn't as smart as Alex Smith who started college as a junior. His academics definitely didn't hurt his NFL draft	Yes, surprisingly many football players are actually very book smart unlike the usual "jock" stereotype
Yes, surprisingly many football players are actually very book smart unlike the usual "jock" stereotype	And Baker Mayfield is good at gaming as well as football. It's good to see that many of them are talented in more than just sports
And Baker Mayfield is good at gaming as well as football. It's good to see that many of them are talented in more than just sports	do you like fantasy?
do you like fantasy?	I do. Do you know who drafts the national spelling bee
I do. Do you know who drafts the national spelling bee	Yes that us the people fantasy, pretty cool
Yes that us the people fantasy, pretty cool	Yeah I know. There is also Fantasy Congress
Yeah I know. There is also Fantasy Congress	Yeah and players in there draft members of the congress
Yeah and players in there draft members of the congress	Yes and they get points based on legislative success
Yes and they get points based on legislative success	Yeah pretty cool. Do you know what makes the difference between reality and fantasy?
Yeah pretty cool. Do you know what makes the difference between reality and fantasy?	Yes it is a single fold in the brain
Yes it is a single fold in the brain	Yeah. Did you know Terry Pratchett is knighted for service to literature?
Yeah. Did you know Terry Pratchett is knighted for service to literature?	Nice. Do you watch the NFL?
Nice. Do you watch the NFL?	Yes I do. Do you like Brady?
Yes I do. Do you like Brady?	I do. He was a back up QB in high school
I do. He was a back up QB in high school	Yes and they never started him , even when they were not doing well
Yes and they never started him , even when they were not doing well	Yeah their loss I guess. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
Yeah their loss I guess. Do you know who Alex Smith is?	Yes he is a QB that finished college in two years only
Yes he is a QB that finished college in two years only	Yes he took lots of AP tests in high school
Yes he took lots of AP tests in high school	Yeah and then started his masters before he was picked
Yeah and then started his masters before he was picked	Yeah Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yeah Do you know who invented the circular huddle?	Yes Paul Hubbard who was a deaf QB so the other team was not able to read his signals
Yes Paul Hubbard who was a deaf QB so the other team was not able to read his signals	Yeah smart kid. Do you know U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink?
Yeah smart kid. Do you know U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink?	Yeah that one is quite something. It was nice chatting with you
Yeah that one is quite something. It was nice chatting with you	Same here, have a good one
Same here, have a good one	What sports do you enjoy?
What sports do you enjoy?	Hi my favorite ones are soccer and football, what about you?
Hi my favorite ones are soccer and football, what about you?	I am more familiar with football
I am more familiar with football	Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a song for the high school football team where his son plays!
Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a song for the high school football team where his son plays!	I did not. How was it?
I did not. How was it?	Yeah, it was actually a fight song... interesting project
Yeah, it was actually a fight song... interesting project	So was it any good?
So was it any good?	I have not listen to it, and probably won't.. Have you seen the super extra big flags that are used at football stadiums?
I have not listen to it, and probably won't.. Have you seen the super extra big flags that are used at football stadiums?	Yes. is there anything special about them?
Yes. is there anything special about them?	They are expensive .. about $50,000.. do you know aproximately how much they weight?
They are expensive .. about $50,000.. do you know aproximately how much they weight?	Considering their size maybe 100 lb?
Considering their size maybe 100 lb?	Good try, actually 1100 lbs... Did you knowthat a high school in Mc Allen tx has a great football stadium?
Good try, actually 1100 lbs... Did you knowthat a high school in Mc Allen tx has a great football stadium?	I think that most of the biggest stadiums are owned by schools
I think that most of the biggest stadiums are owned by schools	I agree because this one seats 18,000 and they spent $60M to build
I agree because this one seats 18,000 and they spent $60M to build	Wow. I wonder how much revenue they get back annually
Wow. I wonder how much revenue they get back annually	Who knows? Did you know there is only one left handed QB in the NFL?
Who knows? Did you know there is only one left handed QB in the NFL?	It must be hard for him since there are more cons than pros being a lefty QB
It must be hard for him since there are more cons than pros being a lefty QB	I think there could be many advantages by being left handed, did you know a QB did throw a touchdown pass to himself?
I think there could be many advantages by being left handed, did you know a QB did throw a touchdown pass to himself?	I did not but I guess that is like the goalkeeper scoring a goal in soccer
I did not but I guess that is like the goalkeeper scoring a goal in soccer	yeah, something special! Do you like fantasy movies or books?
yeah, something special! Do you like fantasy movies or books?	Personally I like movies, but book can be better depending on the amount of depth. In any case, thanks for chatting.
Personally I like movies, but book can be better depending on the amount of depth. In any case, thanks for chatting.	Hi. Do you like football?
Hi. Do you like football?	Football is an interesting sport. i dont know much about it.
Football is an interesting sport. i dont know much about it.	I do not either. I do know about the position quarterback. They call the plays and pass the ball.
I do not either. I do know about the position quarterback. They call the plays and pass the ball.	The QB must be an important position. do they get paid the most? how much to they make?
The QB must be an important position. do they get paid the most? how much to they make?	I am not sure. I know some players make more than others from contracts and endorsement deals. I do know a quarterback considered quitting to become a professional video game player. He didn't end up quitting so football players must make more.
I am not sure. I know some players make more than others from contracts and endorsement deals. I do know a quarterback considered quitting to become a professional video game player. He didn't end up quitting so football players must make more.	I think that he made the right choice. there is more money in football, more fame, more glory.
I think that he made the right choice. there is more money in football, more fame, more glory.	Fun fact that bowlers in the 1960s made more than football players
Fun fact that bowlers in the 1960s made more than football players	i wonder how much football players made back in the day. maybe it wasnt that much. still, it was a golden age for bowling.
i wonder how much football players made back in the day. maybe it wasnt that much. still, it was a golden age for bowling.	It must have been. I wonder if people had fantasy bowling teams like they do for fantasy football. They actually have fantasy spelling bee teams.
It must have been. I wonder if people had fantasy bowling teams like they do for fantasy football. They actually have fantasy spelling bee teams.	i expect that anything could be a fantasy sport or game. there is fantasy congress. people like competition and the chance to gamble.
i expect that anything could be a fantasy sport or game. there is fantasy congress. people like competition and the chance to gamble.	I would be terrible at making any of those teams. I might be better at writing. I'm not sure if I would be as good as Terry Pratchett who was knighted for his fantasy literature.
I would be terrible at making any of those teams. I might be better at writing. I'm not sure if I would be as good as Terry Pratchett who was knighted for his fantasy literature.	I have not read his stuff, but my friends tell me that he is great. he did the discworld series, right?
I have not read his stuff, but my friends tell me that he is great. he did the discworld series, right?	This is the first I heard of him, but he must be fantastic to receive such recognition. And all it takes is one fold in the brain that makes the difference between his stories and reality.
This is the first I heard of him, but he must be fantastic to receive such recognition. And all it takes is one fold in the brain that makes the difference between his stories and reality.	I am amazed that it is so small. i wonder if that explains diseases like schizophrenia. interesting.
I am amazed that it is so small. i wonder if that explains diseases like schizophrenia. interesting.	Definitely could be. Someone who would be smart enough to tell would be quarterback Alex Smith. He took so many AP tests in high school that he received his degree in two years and began working on his Master's by the time he was drafted in the NFL.
Definitely could be. Someone who would be smart enough to tell would be quarterback Alex Smith. He took so many AP tests in high school that he received his degree in two years and began working on his Master's by the time he was drafted in the NFL.	I bet the coaches wish that other players were that academic. it is a shame how many players dont even graduate. Alex has a great life in front of him.
I bet the coaches wish that other players were that academic. it is a shame how many players dont even graduate. Alex has a great life in front of him.	I agree. Most players are talented but do not last long. Unlike Benjarvus Green Ellis who has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career.
I agree. Most players are talented but do not last long. Unlike Benjarvus Green Ellis who has never fumbled the football in his entire NFL career.	yeah, i think BGE is a great player. how did he do that? he must have enormous hand. LOL I would rather be an engineer.
yeah, i think BGE is a great player. how did he do that? he must have enormous hand. LOL I would rather be an engineer.	He would not have lost 222-0
He would not have lost 222-0	True, he would have lowered the spread to 200-0 LOL. what was the GT coach even thinking that day? seems cruel.
True, he would have lowered the spread to 200-0 LOL. what was the GT coach even thinking that day? seems cruel.	I know. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot.
I know. Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot.	Thanks for the chat. Have a good day!
Thanks for the chat. Have a good day!	Just a fun fact to end with. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down. Keep learning fun facts. Thanks! Bye.
Just a fun fact to end with. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down. Keep learning fun facts. Thanks! Bye.	What do you think about the Falcons? I think they are a good team but with tough luck
What do you think about the Falcons? I think they are a good team but with tough luck	Yes I do not follow the Falcons much - I prefer college football - they have more fun like painting locker rooms pink
Yes I do not follow the Falcons much - I prefer college football - they have more fun like painting locker rooms pink	Thats a funny anecdote, I wonder what teams that visit Iowas University think about them,
Thats a funny anecdote, I wonder what teams that visit Iowas University think about them,	Did you know that Georgia Tech once won a game 222-0? I wonder how many people were still in the stands at the end of that one!
Did you know that Georgia Tech once won a game 222-0? I wonder how many people were still in the stands at the end of that one!	Wow, 222-0 who loses by that much, I bet it was a boring game,
Wow, 222-0 who loses by that much, I bet it was a boring game,	No doubt - and they did not even have ESPN's yellow line back in 1916
No doubt - and they did not even have ESPN's yellow line back in 1916	So maybe Geogia Tech cheated, ESPN won an Emmy because of that line
So maybe Geogia Tech cheated, ESPN won an Emmy because of that line	Yeah. Of course back in the day bowlers made more money than football players. That is pretty crazy
Yeah. Of course back in the day bowlers made more money than football players. That is pretty crazy	It is crazy, I bet theres a huge difference now in favor of football players, did you ever watch Benjarvus Green Ellis play?
It is crazy, I bet theres a huge difference now in favor of football players, did you ever watch Benjarvus Green Ellis play?	Yes! He is amazing - he never fumbles!
Yes! He is amazing - he never fumbles!	Yeah, he retired and never fumbled the ball cant think of other players that have that record also
Yeah, he retired and never fumbled the ball cant think of other players that have that record also	Certainly not most quarterbacks - not even the amazing Tom Brady
Certainly not most quarterbacks - not even the amazing Tom Brady	Do you like Tom Brady?
Do you like Tom Brady?	I am not a big Patriot fan but i apparently like him more than his high school coach did. He was never allowed to play!
I am not a big Patriot fan but i apparently like him more than his high school coach did. He was never allowed to play!	What! that's crazy, coaching is tough, maybe they won without Brady and the other QB was also good
What! that's crazy, coaching is tough, maybe they won without Brady and the other QB was also good	Nope - the team lost every game and failed to score even a single touchdown all season!
Nope - the team lost every game and failed to score even a single touchdown all season!	I would of coached differently, they had a legend on the bench and didn't use him, do you know who Alex Smith is?
I would of coached differently, they had a legend on the bench and didn't use him, do you know who Alex Smith is?	He is that really smart player right?
He is that really smart player right?	Yeah he got his BA in just 2 years and then started working on a masters degree, talented and smart player
Yeah he got his BA in just 2 years and then started working on a masters degree, talented and smart player	That is impressive - almost as impressive as the deaf quarterback
That is impressive - almost as impressive as the deaf quarterback	What did the deaf QB do? what was his name?
What did the deaf QB do? what was his name?	I do not know his name but I do know that the huddle was invented so that the other teams could not read their signals.
I do not know his name but I do know that the huddle was invented so that the other teams could not read their signals.	Hi, how are you? Are you an NFL fan?
Hi, how are you? Are you an NFL fan?	I'm doing good and yes, I am a fan. In particular I am a fan of Deshaun Watson. He's the former Clemson quarterback that is doing so well.
I'm doing good and yes, I am a fan. In particular I am a fan of Deshaun Watson. He's the former Clemson quarterback that is doing so well.	Yeah. I was sad to see him injured last season but he came back this year with a great season!
Yeah. I was sad to see him injured last season but he came back this year with a great season!	I totally agree. His touchdown rate was more than double the league average in 2017!
I totally agree. His touchdown rate was more than double the league average in 2017!	His numbers were well beyond the rookie record. The Texans have a good one. I am not sure about Jimmy though. His injury looked bad!
His numbers were well beyond the rookie record. The Texans have a good one. I am not sure about Jimmy though. His injury looked bad!	I'm not familiar with Jimmy. What team does he play for?
I'm not familiar with Jimmy. What team does he play for?	Jimmy Garoppolo plays for the San Francisco 49ers. I was just too lazy to spell out his last name
Jimmy Garoppolo plays for the San Francisco 49ers. I was just too lazy to spell out his last name	Oh, okay. I watch them every now and then. Seems like I heard something about them getting a good quarterback. I guess that's him. What do you think about Atlanta's Matt Ryan?
Oh, okay. I watch them every now and then. Seems like I heard something about them getting a good quarterback. I guess that's him. What do you think about Atlanta's Matt Ryan?	I think Julion Jones makes him the QB he is. I think he is overrated and should not have won that MVP. That might sound harsh but it's the reality...
I think Julion Jones makes him the QB he is. I think he is overrated and should not have won that MVP. That might sound harsh but it's the reality...	Well he does have a stable percentage of on target passes but I get what you are saying.
Well he does have a stable percentage of on target passes but I get what you are saying.	Yeah, that is common in today's NFL with a lot of screen passes or dump passes into the flat. It should be around 65% with those passes alone!
Yeah, that is common in today's NFL with a lot of screen passes or dump passes into the flat. It should be around 65% with those passes alone!	You know, someone that was not on my radar until this year is Jarod Goff. I had never heard of him until the Rams starting doing so well.
You know, someone that was not on my radar until this year is Jarod Goff. I had never heard of him until the Rams starting doing so well.	yeah, jeff fischer held him back. With his new coach, he is doing much better. It's a better offense.
yeah, jeff fischer held him back. With his new coach, he is doing much better. It's a better offense.	Wide receivers have a lot to do with how good qbs look too though, not just the coaches. Take Brandin Cooks and Robert Woods for example.
Wide receivers have a lot to do with how good qbs look too though, not just the coaches. Take Brandin Cooks and Robert Woods for example.	Yeah, they are really good WRs. It will be interesting to see how Cooks plays against NE this weekend in the SB. That's his old team
Yeah, they are really good WRs. It will be interesting to see how Cooks plays against NE this weekend in the SB. That's his old team	That will be interesting. He's really good on deep passes which can make for an exciting game.
That will be interesting. He's really good on deep passes which can make for an exciting game.	Yeah, speed opens up the play book. Tom Brady didn't even play on his JV team. They were terrible. I wonder if he could have helped....
Yeah, speed opens up the play book. Tom Brady didn't even play on his JV team. They were terrible. I wonder if he could have helped....	i heard that about him. Wasn't he second string or something?
i heard that about him. Wasn't he second string or something?	Yeah. Maybe they did it to save his life. Sounds like the whole team was terrible so he would have gotten killed behind that line...
Yeah. Maybe they did it to save his life. Sounds like the whole team was terrible so he would have gotten killed behind that line...	Hey, have you been hearing anything lately about kellan Moore? I had no idea he was the only left handed quarterback in the nfl!
Hey, have you been hearing anything lately about kellan Moore? I had no idea he was the only left handed quarterback in the nfl!	I think he is a backup. Nice chatting with you!
I think he is a backup. Nice chatting with you!	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I do. Do you know who the three wealthiest US presidents are?
I do. Do you know who the three wealthiest US presidents are?	It is Jefferson, Washington and JFK
It is Jefferson, Washington and JFK	Nice. Do you know what the president of Zimbabwe was called?
Nice. Do you know what the president of Zimbabwe was called?	Yes that was President Banana
Yes that was President Banana	Yes I wonder if that means something else too in their language
Yes I wonder if that means something else too in their language	Good point. Did you know that the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Good point. Did you know that the white house is smaller than the guest house?	Yeah I guess they get a lot of people there so they need the room
Yeah I guess they get a lot of people there so they need the room	True. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
True. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?	Yes that was just the runner up that moved into that position
Yes that was just the runner up that moved into that position	Yeah, Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah, Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes and has already released 3 albums while in office
Yes and has already released 3 albums while in office	Yeah. Do you listen to the radio?
Yeah. Do you listen to the radio?	Yes I do. DId you know you can catch Jupiter's storms in the am radio
Yes I do. DId you know you can catch Jupiter's storms in the am radio	Nice. Do you listen to canadian radio?
Nice. Do you listen to canadian radio?	I do but they play so much canadian music all the timer
I do but they play so much canadian music all the timer	Yes they are required to do that by law, 40% has to be canadian music
Yes they are required to do that by law, 40% has to be canadian music	Yeah. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios?
Yeah. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios?	Yes they used pencils and razorblades
Yes they used pencils and razorblades	So cool right? Nice chatting with you.
So cool right? Nice chatting with you.	Same here
Same here	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I know some stuff. do you know who the three wealthiest of them are?
I know some stuff. do you know who the three wealthiest of them are?	Yes that is Jefferson, JFK and Washington
Yes that is Jefferson, JFK and Washington	Yeah. The first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana
Yeah. The first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana	Yeah pretty interesting. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Yeah pretty interesting. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	Nice. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
Nice. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?	Yes that was the runner up that moved in that position
Yes that was the runner up that moved in that position	Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yeah and he has released 3 albums already while in office
Yeah and he has released 3 albums already while in office	Yeah. Did you know the president has either been a republican or a democrat since 1853?
Yeah. Did you know the president has either been a republican or a democrat since 1853?	Nice. Every republican one has had a beard
Nice. Every republican one has had a beard	WOw nice. The red and blue colors came into use in the 2000s
WOw nice. The red and blue colors came into use in the 2000s	Yeah pretty recent if you ask me, I though it was always the case
Yeah pretty recent if you ask me, I though it was always the case	Yeah me too. Did you know Truman refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride at Disneyland
Yeah me too. Did you know Truman refused to be photographed on the dumbo ride at Disneyland	Yeah he really did not want to have anything to do with the republicans
Yeah he really did not want to have anything to do with the republicans	Exactly. Do you listen to the radio?
Exactly. Do you listen to the radio?	I sure do. You can listen to JUpiter's storms on AM radio
I sure do. You can listen to JUpiter's storms on AM radio	Cool. Do you listen to Canadian radios?
Cool. Do you listen to Canadian radios?	Here and there, there is so much Canadian music and artists in their radios
Here and there, there is so much Canadian music and artists in their radios	They have to play 40% of it, it is the law there
They have to play 40% of it, it is the law there	Oh I see that makes much more sense
Oh I see that makes much more sense	Do you enjoy football?
Do you enjoy football?	Yes, I do. I prefer college football to NFL teams though.
Yes, I do. I prefer college football to NFL teams though.	I guess college football is more competitive, NFL is The Patriots against another team
I guess college football is more competitive, NFL is The Patriots against another team	Which NFL team are you a fan of?
Which NFL team are you a fan of?	Im a fan of the Giants, what about you?
Im a fan of the Giants, what about you?	I used to like 49ers since I lived in San Francisco for 25 years. Now, I have no favorite.
I used to like 49ers since I lived in San Francisco for 25 years. Now, I have no favorite.	How come you don't like the team anymore? do you like the Patiots?
How come you don't like the team anymore? do you like the Patiots?	49ers has not been very good in the last few years. it's rather boring. I am old. I liked Joe Montana. I admire the Patriots but I'm not a fan.
49ers has not been very good in the last few years. it's rather boring. I am old. I liked Joe Montana. I admire the Patriots but I'm not a fan.	I hate the Patriots but I have to give it to them, what a team, they are making history in the NFL
I hate the Patriots but I have to give it to them, what a team, they are making history in the NFL	What do you think about Tom Brady?
What do you think about Tom Brady?	I think he is a smart QB kind of ironic how he was bench QB in his high school team, I think thats funny
I think he is a smart QB kind of ironic how he was bench QB in his high school team, I think thats funny	It was funny indeed. I'm sure his high school's QB is not even playing professionally anymore.
It was funny indeed. I'm sure his high school's QB is not even playing professionally anymore.	I bet he isnt but he can always tease Brady about it, I know I would lol
I bet he isnt but he can always tease Brady about it, I know I would lol	Yes, I would too. Apparently, Patriot's running back Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
Yes, I would too. Apparently, Patriot's running back Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	I heard about him never got to watch him play, never fumbled the ball he must be the only RB in the history of NFL, cant think of another
I heard about him never got to watch him play, never fumbled the ball he must be the only RB in the history of NFL, cant think of another	No, I cannot think of another either. It must be very stressful to be perfect though.
No, I cannot think of another either. It must be very stressful to be perfect though.	Did you hear about that humiliating loss Cumberland had back in 1916?
Did you hear about that humiliating loss Cumberland had back in 1916?	222 to 0. Were the Cumberland players awake at all?
222 to 0. Were the Cumberland players awake at all?	Seems like my granma and her friends could play a better match than that team, grandma was a great player lol
Seems like my granma and her friends could play a better match than that team, grandma was a great player lol	Did your grandma play football? Did you hear about ESPN and the superimposed yellow line?
Did your grandma play football? Did you hear about ESPN and the superimposed yellow line?	No not really just though it was a funny joke, still she might play better than the Cumberland team players, and yeah ESPN won an Emmy because of that.
No not really just though it was a funny joke, still she might play better than the Cumberland team players, and yeah ESPN won an Emmy because of that.	How many NFL teams had a bye in week 11 last year?
How many NFL teams had a bye in week 11 last year?	I don't know. I'm interested to know.
I don't know. I'm interested to know.	I believe there were six teams with a bye, including the Buffalo Bills.
I believe there were six teams with a bye, including the Buffalo Bills.	What were the reasons for those bye weeks?
What were the reasons for those bye weeks?	The New York Jets and Miami Dolphins also had the scheduled off-week.
The New York Jets and Miami Dolphins also had the scheduled off-week.	I see. My adult son is into football games.
I see. My adult son is into football games.	Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball to score a goal
Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball to score a goal	It is good to know. I am more familiar with soccer but am interested to discuss American football.
It is good to know. I am more familiar with soccer but am interested to discuss American football.	Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football are other variants!
Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football are other variants!	Thanks for the info. Do you know that Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team? The son must be very proud.
Thanks for the info. Do you know that Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team? The son must be very proud.	Yes. He may even earn more then the 1960's top bowlers, who made twice as much as top football stars of the era.
Yes. He may even earn more then the 1960's top bowlers, who made twice as much as top football stars of the era.	Are you talking about Snoop Dog or his son?
Are you talking about Snoop Dog or his son?	Snoop. He should work for ESPN and he might win an emmy too!
Snoop. He should work for ESPN and he might win an emmy too!	I wonder how old he is. Does he still produce songs?
I wonder how old he is. Does he still produce songs?	I do not know. Perhaps he should move to speculative fiction if he is not!
I do not know. Perhaps he should move to speculative fiction if he is not!	Do you mean something like "Fantasy", a genre of speculation fiction set in a fictional universe?
Do you mean something like "Fantasy", a genre of speculation fiction set in a fictional universe?	Yes, since it's roots are in oral tradition, it has much in common with songwriting.
Yes, since it's roots are in oral tradition, it has much in common with songwriting.	I did not know about it. Now I know. Thank you for that.
I did not know about it. Now I know. Thank you for that.	No problem. Various media, including film, television, graphic novels and video games are similar.
No problem. Various media, including film, television, graphic novels and video games are similar.	Do you know that a janitor wrote a 15145 page fantasy manuscript?
Do you know that a janitor wrote a 15145 page fantasy manuscript?	That is cool. Wish I had time to read it, but I must be going!
That is cool. Wish I had time to read it, but I must be going!	How's it going, did you know GOP stands for Grand Old Party?
How's it going, did you know GOP stands for Grand Old Party?	I dont know how I know but yes! Republican Party
I dont know how I know but yes! Republican Party	Yep, and the GOP was founded by anti-slavery activists and economic modernizers
Yep, and the GOP was founded by anti-slavery activists and economic modernizers	Yes, ideology of the American Revolution!
Yes, ideology of the American Revolution!	I found it interesting how Teddy Roosevelt formed the Progressive Party after being rejected as the GOP candidate
I found it interesting how Teddy Roosevelt formed the Progressive Party after being rejected as the GOP candidate	Bull Moose is a good representation!
Bull Moose is a good representation!	Yea, Teddy's follower went over to the Democrat party, that would be unheard of today
Yea, Teddy's follower went over to the Democrat party, that would be unheard of today	They would publicly lynch him today.
They would publicly lynch him today.	It's a shame there hasn't been a non democrat/republican president since 1853
It's a shame there hasn't been a non democrat/republican president since 1853	I guess dont run independent and make sure you have a beard if you are GOP.
I guess dont run independent and make sure you have a beard if you are GOP.	Or if your a republican make sure theres a bush or nixon on the ticket somewhere if it's before 1928
Or if your a republican make sure theres a bush or nixon on the ticket somewhere if it's before 1928	I did not know the use of red and blue for the parties just started in 2000
I did not know the use of red and blue for the parties just started in 2000	Yea, I didn't either. Did you know Truman refused to be photographed next to the dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with republicans?
Yea, I didn't either. Did you know Truman refused to be photographed next to the dumbo ride so he wouldn't be associated with republicans?	Dang, wonder what he would do if he saw Trump with a MAGA hat then?
Dang, wonder what he would do if he saw Trump with a MAGA hat then?	Who knows. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington?
Who knows. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington?	I did for Washington. I heard he would be worth half a billion in todays dollars.
I did for Washington. I heard he would be worth half a billion in todays dollars.	Wow, that's a lot. I wonder how much the president of indonesia is worth after releasing 3 pop albums
Wow, that's a lot. I wonder how much the president of indonesia is worth after releasing 3 pop albums	More than President banana of Zimbabwe I am sure.
More than President banana of Zimbabwe I am sure.	It's a shame that the guest house is larger than the white house
It's a shame that the guest house is larger than the white house	Thats ok, I would hang out wherever I wanted. Did you know that the runner up became vice pres back in the day. Imagine if they did that today hahaha
Thats ok, I would hang out wherever I wanted. Did you know that the runner up became vice pres back in the day. Imagine if they did that today hahaha	THat's crazy. Well I have to go, nice chatting with you
THat's crazy. Well I have to go, nice chatting with you	Hey there do you like fantasy? I mean in terms of things like fantasy football haha
Hey there do you like fantasy? I mean in terms of things like fantasy football haha	I actually do and they even draft the national spelling bee, the people fantasy
I actually do and they even draft the national spelling bee, the people fantasy	That is really crazy to me. So is the fact that there is fantasy Congress. don't these people have anything better to do haha
That is really crazy to me. So is the fact that there is fantasy Congress. don't these people have anything better to do haha	I guess not, it might seem. do you know what separates fantasy from reality in our head?
I guess not, it might seem. do you know what separates fantasy from reality in our head?	No I don't can you tell me? I also want to know more about the author names Terry Pratchett. He was knighted for the books that he wrote. They must be really good!
No I don't can you tell me? I also want to know more about the author names Terry Pratchett. He was knighted for the books that he wrote. They must be really good!	It is actually a single fold in the brain so that is pretty amazing
It is actually a single fold in the brain so that is pretty amazing	That is amazing. Did you hear about the janitor from Chicago? I guess he wrote this massive fantasy novel. I wonder why it was never published?
That is amazing. Did you hear about the janitor from Chicago? I guess he wrote this massive fantasy novel. I wonder why it was never published?	Yeah because with 300 watercolor illustrations it could have been awesome but sadly he dies before it was discovered
Yeah because with 300 watercolor illustrations it could have been awesome but sadly he dies before it was discovered	That is sad. Do you ever watch football by the way? It's a team sport and can be pretty violent.
That is sad. Do you ever watch football by the way? It's a team sport and can be pretty violent.	I do actually. Did you know the ESPN won and Emmy?
I do actually. Did you know the ESPN won and Emmy?	I do! They created that yellow line that you see in football games. That is so useful I think haha. Did you hear about the highest scoring football game of all time?
I do! They created that yellow line that you see in football games. That is so useful I think haha. Did you hear about the highest scoring football game of all time?	That one is insane, 222-0. what a win and what a loss at the same time
That one is insane, 222-0. what a win and what a loss at the same time	Yep Georgia Tech must have felt pretty good to have such a victory. And Cumberland must have felt really bad haha. Did you hear about the salaries of Bowlers back in the 60s?
Yep Georgia Tech must have felt pretty good to have such a victory. And Cumberland must have felt really bad haha. Did you hear about the salaries of Bowlers back in the 60s?	Yeah they used to make more than football players. THings have really changed nowadays though
Yeah they used to make more than football players. THings have really changed nowadays though	Yep that's true. Do you like the Patriots? They have a running back who has never fumbled the ball. I would be so stressed if I were him. That could ruin his career if he ever did haha
Yep that's true. Do you like the Patriots? They have a running back who has never fumbled the ball. I would be so stressed if I were him. That could ruin his career if he ever did haha	Yeah that was Green-Ellis right? What a player
Yeah that was Green-Ellis right? What a player	Yep it was. Did you hear about that one football team who painted their adversaries locker room pink? What did you think about that
Yep it was. Did you hear about that one football team who painted their adversaries locker room pink? What did you think about that	I wonder why they did it though I know that the color pink can be distracting and maybe it was a trick
I wonder why they did it though I know that the color pink can be distracting and maybe it was a trick	Haha it might have been. Do you like any quarterbacks in the NFL? The quarterback touches the ball in almost every play.
Haha it might have been. Do you like any quarterbacks in the NFL? The quarterback touches the ball in almost every play.	I like Brady and I know there are some geniuses among them like Alex Smith
I like Brady and I know there are some geniuses among them like Alex Smith	Yep I like Brady 2. Alex Smith is a genius he got his bachelor's degree in about 2 years, that's amazing! And he was working on his master's degree apparently before the NFL picked him up
Yep I like Brady 2. Alex Smith is a genius he got his bachelor's degree in about 2 years, that's amazing! And he was working on his master's degree apparently before the NFL picked him up	Wow what a talent in school and in the field. Nice chatting with you :)
Wow what a talent in school and in the field. Nice chatting with you :)	Sup playa? Have you been playing Fantasy Football at all? The Baltimore Ravens have the second highest scoring defense
Sup playa? Have you been playing Fantasy Football at all? The Baltimore Ravens have the second highest scoring defense	Hi there... no, sorry I wasn't... what exactly is Fantasy Football ?
Hi there... no, sorry I wasn't... what exactly is Fantasy Football ?	It's an internet thing where people select offensive players on virtual team and select a defense every week and they pit the teams against each other. Points are rewarded based on the stats of the actual players during real games
It's an internet thing where people select offensive players on virtual team and select a defense every week and they pit the teams against each other. Points are rewarded based on the stats of the actual players during real games	Is it only about points or maybe there is money involved ?
Is it only about points or maybe there is money involved ?	Usually money is rewarded to whatever team wins but not always. People try to predict the best players playing week to week and try to pick the best defense too
Usually money is rewarded to whatever team wins but not always. People try to predict the best players playing week to week and try to pick the best defense too	Interesting... hey, fun fact - Did You hear there is an actual university where you can study science fiction and fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies ?
Interesting... hey, fun fact - Did You hear there is an actual university where you can study science fiction and fantasy literature with a concentration in Tolkien studies ?	No, I had no idea, those courses must be pretty fun and interesting to take!
No, I had no idea, those courses must be pretty fun and interesting to take!	I wonder if they compare the fantasy world from Tolkien's books to other fantasy authors - like more modern, like The Witcher :)
I wonder if they compare the fantasy world from Tolkien's books to other fantasy authors - like more modern, like The Witcher :)	Or maybe Harry Potter. I wonder if they do fantasy quidditch like they do fantasy football
Or maybe Harry Potter. I wonder if they do fantasy quidditch like they do fantasy football	lol - that would be so cool to see :) How do You think would that look like ?
lol - that would be so cool to see :) How do You think would that look like ?	I don't know. Maybe they could do a fantasy league where they draft people from the houses and people can score points based on how many points a student got their house rewarded
I don't know. Maybe they could do a fantasy league where they draft people from the houses and people can score points based on how many points a student got their house rewarded	Good one. Write that down - maybe it's something to pursue as an actual "thing" :)
Good one. Write that down - maybe it's something to pursue as an actual "thing" :)	It is a good idea but there would have to be a way for Harry Potter to continue for it to work
It is a good idea but there would have to be a way for Harry Potter to continue for it to work	Is she writing new HP books or was it over ?
Is she writing new HP books or was it over ?	I believe she is done with the books, at least for now. She is writing movies that take place in the Harry Potter universe
I believe she is done with the books, at least for now. She is writing movies that take place in the Harry Potter universe	The "beasts" and stuff ? is that the one ?
The "beasts" and stuff ? is that the one ?	Yea, those are the ones, I prefer reading the fantasy books though. I like Terry Pratchet, he was knighted for his work.
Yea, those are the ones, I prefer reading the fantasy books though. I like Terry Pratchet, he was knighted for his work.	I read Terry LOOONG time ago. Hey, if You like fantasy books, did You ever read "The Witcher" ?
I read Terry LOOONG time ago. Hey, if You like fantasy books, did You ever read "The Witcher" ?	I believe so, they are based on Polish fables, aren't they?
I believe so, they are based on Polish fables, aren't they?	YES ! that's the one. My favorite fantasy of all times ! :) I've read all 5 books twice already :)
YES ! that's the one. My favorite fantasy of all times ! :) I've read all 5 books twice already :)	I will have to check them out. Well I gotta run. Have a nice day.
I will have to check them out. Well I gotta run. Have a nice day.	Hey good morning. Do you like the fantasy genre? It's roots are actually in oral traditions.
Hey good morning. Do you like the fantasy genre? It's roots are actually in oral traditions.	Its one of my favorite genres, a fictional universe with countless of options limited only to imagination.
Its one of my favorite genres, a fictional universe with countless of options limited only to imagination.	Yes so fun and imaginative. I love that it has expanded into everything from film to novels to video games!
Yes so fun and imaginative. I love that it has expanded into everything from film to novels to video games!	Yeah I love that too, do you have a favorite fantasy writer? mine has to be George R.R. Martin.
Yeah I love that too, do you have a favorite fantasy writer? mine has to be George R.R. Martin.	The fact that he created GOT makes him one of my favorites too. I also like Tolkien. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality!
The fact that he created GOT makes him one of my favorites too. I also like Tolkien. A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality!	Yeah Game of Thrones is a great novel, I also like the TV series. Do you play fantasy leagues?
Yeah Game of Thrones is a great novel, I also like the TV series. Do you play fantasy leagues?	Yes I have played fantasy football in the past. i am surprised they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!
Yes I have played fantasy football in the past. i am surprised they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!	There is also a fantasy congress league lol so i guess people will play just about any fantasy game.
There is also a fantasy congress league lol so i guess people will play just about any fantasy game.	Yes apparently they will! But I enjoy fantasy football. It's important to get a good quarterback like Alex Smith. He is very smart too.
Yes apparently they will! But I enjoy fantasy football. It's important to get a good quarterback like Alex Smith. He is very smart too.	Is he really? I like him as a QB I think he is really talented.
Is he really? I like him as a QB I think he is really talented.	Yes he is. He took a bunch of AP classes in high school and got his degree in 2 years!
Yes he is. He took a bunch of AP classes in high school and got his degree in 2 years!	That is admirable do you like Baker Mayfield, he seems like a smart QB also.
That is admirable do you like Baker Mayfield, he seems like a smart QB also.	Yeah he is pretty good. He was really good at Halo 3 in college.
Yeah he is pretty good. He was really good at Halo 3 in college.	Yeah I heard he considered quitting football and become a pro gamer, good thing he decided to remain with football.
Yeah I heard he considered quitting football and become a pro gamer, good thing he decided to remain with football.	Yes I agree. Tom Brady is also one of the greats. He didn't even start as a JV player in high school!
Yes I agree. Tom Brady is also one of the greats. He didn't even start as a JV player in high school!	He is a great player I agree, and sounds like he had a terrible coach back in high school. Tom Brady is a legend and considered the best by many.
He is a great player I agree, and sounds like he had a terrible coach back in high school. Tom Brady is a legend and considered the best by many.	Yes he is. I wonder what the coach at Junipero Serra High School thinks of him now?
Yes he is. I wonder what the coach at Junipero Serra High School thinks of him now?	He must be suprised and must have a lot of regrets he can still say he was Brady's coach,
He must be suprised and must have a lot of regrets he can still say he was Brady's coach,	Yes he must be proud of that. I love the QB position because they touch the ball on almost every offensive play. Well it was great chatting with you today!
Yes he must be proud of that. I love the QB position because they touch the ball on almost every offensive play. Well it was great chatting with you today!	Yeah the QB is the most important player in my book, I had fun chatting as well hope you have a nice morning bye.
Yeah the QB is the most important player in my book, I had fun chatting as well hope you have a nice morning bye.	Bye!
Bye!	Hi. Do you like football?
Hi. Do you like football?	Yes I watch football from time to time. I think it's ok. I do think that it's a little bit boring though, what about you?
Yes I watch football from time to time. I think it's ok. I do think that it's a little bit boring though, what about you?	I agree. The highest scoring game ever was 222 to Zero! I feel like that would get boring with the one team scoring over and over again.
I agree. The highest scoring game ever was 222 to Zero! I feel like that would get boring with the one team scoring over and over again.	I know right! It's crazy that the score could get that high. I can't believe Cumberland lost that badly, all of their fans must have felt horrible that day LOL
I know right! It's crazy that the score could get that high. I can't believe Cumberland lost that badly, all of their fans must have felt horrible that day LOL	Seriously! It was way back in 1916, but I bet people talked about it for a long time afterwards.
Seriously! It was way back in 1916, but I bet people talked about it for a long time afterwards.	What do you think about ESPN winning a Emmy for the yellow line invention? You know, the one that shows first downs on TV. I think that's actually really good invention, but I don't know about winning an Emmy for it
What do you think about ESPN winning a Emmy for the yellow line invention? You know, the one that shows first downs on TV. I think that's actually really good invention, but I don't know about winning an Emmy for it	I didn't realize they gave Emmy's for such things but I agree it's a great invention! There are so many different kinds of football, it depends where you're located.
I didn't realize they gave Emmy's for such things but I agree it's a great invention! There are so many different kinds of football, it depends where you're located.	Yep I agree with you on that. Have a favorite quarterback by the way?
Yep I agree with you on that. Have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I was impressed by Nick Foles last year! Apparently there is only one left handed quarterback
I was impressed by Nick Foles last year! Apparently there is only one left handed quarterback	Yes you're right! Kellen Moore is the only one who is Left-Handed. I do like Tom Brady a lot. He's definitely a right-handed man LOL
Yes you're right! Kellen Moore is the only one who is Left-Handed. I do like Tom Brady a lot. He's definitely a right-handed man LOL	He makes a lot of money. Hard to believe bowlers used to make more than NFL players!
He makes a lot of money. Hard to believe bowlers used to make more than NFL players!	Yes I know right! It seems completely backwards, but that was commonplace in the 60s haha. do you like Alex Smith by the way
Yes I know right! It seems completely backwards, but that was commonplace in the 60s haha. do you like Alex Smith by the way	I don't know much about him, why, do you?
I don't know much about him, why, do you?	Yes he was actually really smart. He almost got a master's degree but he was drafted before he could get that, probably better that he went in the NFL though LOL he's definitely going to make more money doing that
Yes he was actually really smart. He almost got a master's degree but he was drafted before he could get that, probably better that he went in the NFL though LOL he's definitely going to make more money doing that	That's pretty neat! One of the college QBs thought about quitting football to play video games competitively.
That's pretty neat! One of the college QBs thought about quitting football to play video games competitively.	Yep I think I know who you're talking about. Are you talking about Baker Mayfield? He was really good at Halo 3 actually
Yep I think I know who you're talking about. Are you talking about Baker Mayfield? He was really good at Halo 3 actually	Yup. He says he can beat anyone at the university at that game!
Yup. He says he can beat anyone at the university at that game!	I used to play that game back in the day, I would have tried to beat him LOL, did you hear about how the circular huddle was invented by the way?
I used to play that game back in the day, I would have tried to beat him LOL, did you hear about how the circular huddle was invented by the way?	By a deaf player right?
By a deaf player right?	Yep he was deaf. He would use everyone's bodies in a circle to cover up the other team from seeing what he was signing. I think it's very genius, and it's cool that it works for players who are hearing as well
Yep he was deaf. He would use everyone's bodies in a circle to cover up the other team from seeing what he was signing. I think it's very genius, and it's cool that it works for players who are hearing as well	That is very smart! Have a great night!
That is very smart! Have a great night!	Hi! Are you interested in sports, especially football?
Hi! Are you interested in sports, especially football?	I do watch football, sometimes, especially during the Super Bowl. Did you know the highest score of a football game ever was 222-0?
I do watch football, sometimes, especially during the Super Bowl. Did you know the highest score of a football game ever was 222-0?	That must have been some game. Hate to be the famous losing team. I would rather be famous for never fumbling the ball like Benjarvus Green-Ellis.
That must have been some game. Hate to be the famous losing team. I would rather be famous for never fumbling the ball like Benjarvus Green-Ellis.	Yeah, that's amazing! No surprise that he played for the Patriots!
Yeah, that's amazing! No surprise that he played for the Patriots!	The Patriots are a great team. They don;t need a pink locker room like Iowa to psyche out the other team.
The Patriots are a great team. They don;t need a pink locker room like Iowa to psyche out the other team.	Very true! There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
Very true! There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.	And there is one quarter back that wanted to quit football to be a professional video gamer. I think he made the right choice.
And there is one quarter back that wanted to quit football to be a professional video gamer. I think he made the right choice.	That was Baker Mayfield. He claims to be an expert at Halo 3, but you're right, I'm sure football pays a whole lot better!
That was Baker Mayfield. He claims to be an expert at Halo 3, but you're right, I'm sure football pays a whole lot better!	I don't know a lot about football but I do know how they huddle in a circle. That was created from a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals.
I don't know a lot about football but I do know how they huddle in a circle. That was created from a deaf quarterback so the other team could not read his hand signals.	That was really smart! Tom Brady's highschool refused to start him in any game even though they never won. I guess he showed them!
That was really smart! Tom Brady's highschool refused to start him in any game even though they never won. I guess he showed them!	Wow. That sometimes happens to the best players. Other players like Alex Smith worked so hard in high school that he earned his bachelors degree in 2 years.
Wow. That sometimes happens to the best players. Other players like Alex Smith worked so hard in high school that he earned his bachelors degree in 2 years.	And he was working towards his Master's before he was drafted, too!
And he was working towards his Master's before he was drafted, too!	I would definitely put him on my fantasy football team. People have fantasy national spelling bee teams.
I would definitely put him on my fantasy football team. People have fantasy national spelling bee teams.	That sounds incredibly boring to me. Same with fantasy Congress teams.
That sounds incredibly boring to me. Same with fantasy Congress teams.	I agree. It would take a lot of dedication kind of like the janitor that wrote a 15000 page fantasy.
I agree. It would take a lot of dedication kind of like the janitor that wrote a 15000 page fantasy.	With 300 illustrations! I wonder when he had time to write all that.
With 300 illustrations! I wonder when he had time to write all that.	And to think just a single fold in the brain is the reason why we can differentiate fantasy from reality.
And to think just a single fold in the brain is the reason why we can differentiate fantasy from reality.	That's pretty amazing. Fantasy, as a genre of fiction is identified by not having anything to do with the real world.
That's pretty amazing. Fantasy, as a genre of fiction is identified by not having anything to do with the real world.	Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting things today!
Well thanks for chatting. I learned a lot of new and interesting things today!	Yes, same with me. Have a great day!
Yes, same with me. Have a great day!	Keep learning and enjoying football!
Keep learning and enjoying football!	hi
hi	Good afternoon. I don't know if you are interested in politics at all, but regardless of all the controversy these days, I find the facts about government pretty interesting. Like in most places, the term president is a common title for the head of state.
Good afternoon. I don't know if you are interested in politics at all, but regardless of all the controversy these days, I find the facts about government pretty interesting. Like in most places, the term president is a common title for the head of state.	Not really into politics but I find it interesting that the president of indonesi has released 3 pop albums.
Not really into politics but I find it interesting that the president of indonesi has released 3 pop albums.	Wow, can you imagine that happening here? Our president is already so wealthy, but the top 3 wealthiest presidents were actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I never would have guessed.
Wow, can you imagine that happening here? Our president is already so wealthy, but the top 3 wealthiest presidents were actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I never would have guessed.	I also had no idea jefferson and washinton were on the top 3 list. how about this....The 1st president of Zimbabwe was called president banana..ha
I also had no idea jefferson and washinton were on the top 3 list. how about this....The 1st president of Zimbabwe was called president banana..ha	I wonder if he considered that an insult. The US president has an interesting history. Until 1805, the runner up was automatically made the vice president.
I wonder if he considered that an insult. The US president has an interesting history. Until 1805, the runner up was automatically made the vice president.	I never knew that..wow
I never knew that..wow	Also, in the beginning of the states there weren't different political parties.
Also, in the beginning of the states there weren't different political parties.	That is interesting as well! how about this..the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house.
That is interesting as well! how about this..the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house.	That does seem a little backwards, doesn't it. And the white house is huge.
That does seem a little backwards, doesn't it. And the white house is huge.	yes it is! Ive only visted once but I can still remeber that it is very large.
yes it is! Ive only visted once but I can still remeber that it is very large.	I would like to visit DC and see all of our government in action. Did you know that we didn't use colors to describe the political parties until 2000? That was so recent.
I would like to visit DC and see all of our government in action. Did you know that we didn't use colors to describe the political parties until 2000? That was so recent.	I thought we still did red for republic blue for democrat?? Did you know that There hasn't been a us president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853?
I thought we still did red for republic blue for democrat?? Did you know that There hasn't been a us president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853?	That's interesting, and every US president that had a beard was a republican.
That's interesting, and every US president that had a beard was a republican.	how about this n 1957 president harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed...who doesnt want to take a pic at disney?
how about this n 1957 president harry truman visited disneyland and refused to be photographed...who doesnt want to take a pic at disney?	I guess not if it's a picture of the elephant, dumbo, since it is associated with republicans
I guess not if it's a picture of the elephant, dumbo, since it is associated with republicans	wow that's petty.The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was 1928
wow that's petty.The last time a republican was elected president without a nixon or bush on the ticket was 1928	That was a long time ago, wow. It is interesting how in the 60's the southern states became more republican and the NE states more democratic.
That was a long time ago, wow. It is interesting how in the 60's the southern states became more republican and the NE states more democratic.	true. how about this..there is a website where you can hear all classic radio drama fro free. I think this is good to know since my mom is legally blind.
true. how about this..there is a website where you can hear all classic radio drama fro free. I think this is good to know since my mom is legally blind.	Wow, so is my dad. That is good to know.I might even check them out myself.
Wow, so is my dad. That is good to know.I might even check them out myself.	Me too!
Me too!	Maybe I will go look into that now. Nice chatting with you.
Maybe I will go look into that now. Nice chatting with you.	Hello, are you a gamer? I am and find it very interesting that Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football, to become a full time gamer. How crazy is that?
Hello, are you a gamer? I am and find it very interesting that Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football, to become a full time gamer. How crazy is that?	I am not a gamer but I swear my youngest son could be. That is crazy! What I think that is even crazier is that they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee.
I am not a gamer but I swear my youngest son could be. That is crazy! What I think that is even crazier is that they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee.	That is crazy, I wonder how they pick who is going to win out of all of those kids? Have you heard of the fantasy Congress?
That is crazy, I wonder how they pick who is going to win out of all of those kids? Have you heard of the fantasy Congress?	Not at all! What is it?
Not at all! What is it?	Players draft members, and receive points based on legislative success. Sounds like we should do that with their paychecks.
Players draft members, and receive points based on legislative success. Sounds like we should do that with their paychecks.	Perfect. Are you into football? I do like some football and am sad it is over!!!!
Perfect. Are you into football? I do like some football and am sad it is over!!!!	I watch it when one of my kids have it on. I learned that Kellan Moore is the only lefty quarterback, I only remember that because I'm a lefty too.
I watch it when one of my kids have it on. I learned that Kellan Moore is the only lefty quarterback, I only remember that because I'm a lefty too.	I heard about him. I wonder if it is a good or bad thing for his team. I just found out that the huddle was created by a guy who was deaf. He was a quarterback and didn't want the other team to see his hand signals. Genius!
I heard about him. I wonder if it is a good or bad thing for his team. I just found out that the huddle was created by a guy who was deaf. He was a quarterback and didn't want the other team to see his hand signals. Genius!	That is genius! I'm very impressed by Alex Smith, he entered college as a junior, and was working on his masters before being drafted.
That is genius! I'm very impressed by Alex Smith, he entered college as a junior, and was working on his masters before being drafted.	Yep, my kid is a senior and has not taken that many AP courses. I can't even imagine entering college as a junior.
Yep, my kid is a senior and has not taken that many AP courses. I can't even imagine entering college as a junior.	My kid has taken a few, he's lazy though, lol. In the 60's bowlers made twice as much as football players. I cant imagine a bowling superstar.
My kid has taken a few, he's lazy though, lol. In the 60's bowlers made twice as much as football players. I cant imagine a bowling superstar.	They used to make really good money. Is it bad that the Iowa locker room for the opposing team is painted in pink.
They used to make really good money. Is it bad that the Iowa locker room for the opposing team is painted in pink.	I love it! Almost as much as I love knowing that there is a comedy fantasy author who was knighted for services to literature.
I love it! Almost as much as I love knowing that there is a comedy fantasy author who was knighted for services to literature.	What that is crazy? I am not into fantasy at all. But I heard there is a single fold in the brain that makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy. I am guessing i don't have that fold.
What that is crazy? I am not into fantasy at all. But I heard there is a single fold in the brain that makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy. I am guessing i don't have that fold.	I probably do, as I am into fantasy. I didn't know that American football was called gridiron football.
I probably do, as I am into fantasy. I didn't know that American football was called gridiron football.	Did you know that ESPN won an emmy because they created the yellow superimposed line that tells you where the first down is.
Did you know that ESPN won an emmy because they created the yellow superimposed line that tells you where the first down is.	I did not. Sounds like a weird thing to win an emmy for.
I did not. Sounds like a weird thing to win an emmy for.	I think that is crazy! Just like when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916!
I think that is crazy! Just like when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916!	Why didn't they stop the game? I guess that's like that high school in Texas, that had one season without a win or even a touchdown...yet, they wouldn't put their backup quarterback in.
Why didn't they stop the game? I guess that's like that high school in Texas, that had one season without a win or even a touchdown...yet, they wouldn't put their backup quarterback in.	That was freaking tom brady that they wouldn't put in!
That was freaking tom brady that they wouldn't put in!	Yep. I bet that coach hates himself for that. Thank you for chatting with me tonight, enjoy the rest of your evening.
Yep. I bet that coach hates himself for that. Thank you for chatting with me tonight, enjoy the rest of your evening.	have a great night.
have a great night.	Hello do you follow football?
Hello do you follow football?	I do follow football. Do you?
I do follow football. Do you?	I do. The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room completely pink! lol Wonder what that's all about?
I do. The University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room completely pink! lol Wonder what that's all about?	It's serious intimidation by Iowa! I wonder if it actually works?
It's serious intimidation by Iowa! I wonder if it actually works?	Who knows? lol In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that time.
Who knows? lol In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars of that time.	That's strange. Kellen Moore is the only left handed QB.
That's strange. Kellen Moore is the only left handed QB.	I know. I don't even know who he is? lol
I know. I don't even know who he is? lol	He's the one throwing the ball with the wrong hand. Brad Johnson is much more talented. He throws and catches TDs.
He's the one throwing the ball with the wrong hand. Brad Johnson is much more talented. He throws and catches TDs.	Ha! Nice! Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
Ha! Nice! Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?	60-10?
60-10?	Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0	Wow! I watch football all the time and have never heard of Cumberland. I wonder if they had to disband the football team after that whooping!
Wow! I watch football all the time and have never heard of Cumberland. I wonder if they had to disband the football team after that whooping!	They might have. lol Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career. Impressive.
They might have. lol Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball in his NFL career. Impressive.	Yeah. 6 years with 2 teams. He was a good player.
Yeah. 6 years with 2 teams. He was a good player.	LOL ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created. I would be lost without it.
LOL ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created. I would be lost without it.	Me too but that seems like a really low bar for an emmy...
Me too but that seems like a really low bar for an emmy...	Right? Lol. Do you play any fantasy sports? There's actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee.
Right? Lol. Do you play any fantasy sports? There's actually a fantasy draft for the National Spelling Bee.	Yes and I am one of the losers (my word, not yours) that made the national spelling bee a drinking game. I took the day off of work for it!
Yes and I am one of the losers (my word, not yours) that made the national spelling bee a drinking game. I took the day off of work for it!	lol A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy. Interesting. It's been fun chatting!
lol A single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy. Interesting. It's been fun chatting!	Ditto! Have a great night!
Ditto! Have a great night!	You have a great night too!
You have a great night too!	Do you like watching football?
Do you like watching football?	I love football, but I dislike Jimmy Garoppolo and all that he stands for. He should move to Guam!
I love football, but I dislike Jimmy Garoppolo and all that he stands for. He should move to Guam!	Lol, what did he go or stand for?
Lol, what did he go or stand for?	He is the one that started kneeling during the National Anthem to protest. I also didn't think he was a good quarterback, no wonder nobody picked him up to play.
He is the one that started kneeling during the National Anthem to protest. I also didn't think he was a good quarterback, no wonder nobody picked him up to play.	That was Colin Kaepernick, Jimmy G is the new quarterback I think.
That was Colin Kaepernick, Jimmy G is the new quarterback I think.	LOL......oh, you're right...(blushes), I better get off my high horse. Err....Garropolo is a good quarterback (I feel like a doofus right now).
LOL......oh, you're right...(blushes), I better get off my high horse. Err....Garropolo is a good quarterback (I feel like a doofus right now).	lol, you're fine! Do you have a favorite quarterback?
lol, you're fine! Do you have a favorite quarterback?	Thanks. Yes, I've had a bunch of them in the 50 years I've been watching football. Favre, Kelly, Kosar just to name three. But, being a Cleveland Browns fan....I really feel we have finally got a good quarterback in Baker Mayfield. He makes it good to be a Browns fan. Love the guys attitude.
Thanks. Yes, I've had a bunch of them in the 50 years I've been watching football. Favre, Kelly, Kosar just to name three. But, being a Cleveland Browns fan....I really feel we have finally got a good quarterback in Baker Mayfield. He makes it good to be a Browns fan. Love the guys attitude.	Browns are going to be great this year, maybe scary good! You know he almost quit football to video game?
Browns are going to be great this year, maybe scary good! You know he almost quit football to video game?	That's what I've heard. We love the fact that the Browns will be a ton better, but the amount of press they are getting right now in football is a tad scary. I mean the critics are talking Super Bowl??? Slow down football pundits!
That's what I've heard. We love the fact that the Browns will be a ton better, but the amount of press they are getting right now in football is a tad scary. I mean the critics are talking Super Bowl??? Slow down football pundits!	Right, lets just have another 500+ season before we start talking about that. Did you ever hear how the huddle was started?
Right, lets just have another 500+ season before we start talking about that. Did you ever hear how the huddle was started?	I'm quessing some quarterback started it, calling his team over to him, and whispering...."Hey guys, don't say anything to her, but my wife's cooking sucks!"
I'm quessing some quarterback started it, calling his team over to him, and whispering...."Hey guys, don't say anything to her, but my wife's cooking sucks!"	lol, that could be it! I think it was because of Paul Hubbard being deaf, i think he was a browns qb back in the day?
lol, that could be it! I think it was because of Paul Hubbard being deaf, i think he was a browns qb back in the day?	Hmmm....never heard of him. Do you have a favorite NFL team? Or favorite quarterback?
Hmmm....never heard of him. Do you have a favorite NFL team? Or favorite quarterback?	I like the Vikings, but not kirk cousins quite yet. I liked alex smith with the chiefs, guy was really smart
I like the Vikings, but not kirk cousins quite yet. I liked alex smith with the chiefs, guy was really smart	Vikings are good. I loved them way back in the Fran Tarkenton days. Alex Smith was really good at quarterback until last year playing for the Redskins. What a shame.
Vikings are good. I loved them way back in the Fran Tarkenton days. Alex Smith was really good at quarterback until last year playing for the Redskins. What a shame.	Right, sucks he got hurt really bad. He went into college with so many college credits it was insane. He then became the #1 pick.
Right, sucks he got hurt really bad. He went into college with so many college credits it was insane. He then became the #1 pick.	I hope he recovers, but it looks bleak. I had him as my fantasy quarterback a few years ago, never passed for a ton of yards, but he was a smart quarterback.
I hope he recovers, but it looks bleak. I had him as my fantasy quarterback a few years ago, never passed for a ton of yards, but he was a smart quarterback.	At least he has the smarts to fall back on! It was so nice chatting with you!
At least he has the smarts to fall back on! It was so nice chatting with you!	Great chatting football with you as well! I gotta get some coffee after that Garropolo gaffe I made. Hope to talk again!
Great chatting football with you as well! I gotta get some coffee after that Garropolo gaffe I made. Hope to talk again!	lol, I won't tell anyone ;). Enjoy your day!
lol, I won't tell anyone ;). Enjoy your day!	Do you like to watch football?
Do you like to watch football?	I love football, what about you?
I love football, what about you?	I love it was well, the game has become a lot more popular now. In the 60s pro bowlers made more money than pro football players
I love it was well, the game has become a lot more popular now. In the 60s pro bowlers made more money than pro football players	That's crazy they made more. Bowling has definitely gone downhill since then.
That's crazy they made more. Bowling has definitely gone downhill since then.	I bet it has, the highest score in football history happened back in 1916, 222-0, one team definitely got confused and played another game in the field.
I bet it has, the highest score in football history happened back in 1916, 222-0, one team definitely got confused and played another game in the field.	Wow - that's very high! What a boring game.
Wow - that's very high! What a boring game.	I know, really boring and hard to watch I mean even who would keep on playing after loosing by 100 points.
I know, really boring and hard to watch I mean even who would keep on playing after loosing by 100 points.	Did you know Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?
Did you know Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his NFL career?	He was a really talented player. I liked him a lot I never knew he hold such an impressive record.
He was a really talented player. I liked him a lot I never knew he hold such an impressive record.	Yea he was very talented. I find it funny Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink.
Yea he was very talented. I find it funny Iowa painted the opposing team locker room pink.	They did? that is really funny can you imagine the reaction of visiting teams they must be really surprised once in the locker rooms
They did? that is really funny can you imagine the reaction of visiting teams they must be really surprised once in the locker rooms	I agree haha. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?
I agree haha. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?	He did? that's awesome he must be a really smart person, he is one of the most famous QB right?
He did? that's awesome he must be a really smart person, he is one of the most famous QB right?	He must be very smart. He's very famous. Who's your favorite QB?
He must be very smart. He's very famous. Who's your favorite QB?	Mine is Tom Brady what about yours?
Mine is Tom Brady what about yours?	I love Andy Dalton and Patrick Mahomes.
I love Andy Dalton and Patrick Mahomes.	Those are pretty good QBs as well, interesting fact about Brady but his coach didnt like him back in high school
Those are pretty good QBs as well, interesting fact about Brady but his coach didnt like him back in high school	Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the league right now?
Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the league right now?	No I didn't know about him, is he a good QB?
No I didn't know about him, is he a good QB?	I haven't heard of him either so I'm not too sure who he even plays for.
I haven't heard of him either so I'm not too sure who he even plays for.	I see, well its been great chatting about football with you hope we can do this again.
I see, well its been great chatting about football with you hope we can do this again.	Yes, great chatting with you!
Yes, great chatting with you!	I am a football fan. How about yourself?
I am a football fan. How about yourself?	I'm a huge fan, I watch as many game as I can and play fantasy. Do you play fantasy football?
I'm a huge fan, I watch as many game as I can and play fantasy. Do you play fantasy football?	I do actually.
I do actually.	Awesome! Are you successful at it...I love the excitement of it even though I'm not very good. Do you follow any sites?
Awesome! Are you successful at it...I love the excitement of it even though I'm not very good. Do you follow any sites?	I always do really well right up until the end and then it all falls apart ha ha. I do it through the NFL website. Did you also know that they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee?
I always do really well right up until the end and then it all falls apart ha ha. I do it through the NFL website. Did you also know that they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee?	Me too! I usually do great but always forget to get players off waivers and such. Like I pick the popular players but not so much the unknowns like Josh Allen (rookie) who had a monster year. Are you serious? for the spelling bee?
Me too! I usually do great but always forget to get players off waivers and such. Like I pick the popular players but not so much the unknowns like Josh Allen (rookie) who had a monster year. Are you serious? for the spelling bee?	Yes it's easy to overlook those people. Yes for the spelling bee. It's amazing what they will do fantasy leagues for. Fantasy congress also exists.
Yes it's easy to overlook those people. Yes for the spelling bee. It's amazing what they will do fantasy leagues for. Fantasy congress also exists.	I love politics, I'll have to look into that one. Have you ever won? I came close last year with Russel Wilson, who is STILL under a major league contract.
I love politics, I'll have to look into that one. Have you ever won? I came close last year with Russel Wilson, who is STILL under a major league contract.	No, I also came closest last year. I was in first or second place all year and then it fell apart in the playoffs. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more money than top football players?!
No, I also came closest last year. I was in first or second place all year and then it fell apart in the playoffs. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more money than top football players?!	Oh yeah, those guys who played back then made nothing! Sometimes they even had to work in the off season...can you imagine Eli Manning working in the off season?
Oh yeah, those guys who played back then made nothing! Sometimes they even had to work in the off season...can you imagine Eli Manning working in the off season?	No way! Any guess as to what the highest score in football ever was?
No way! Any guess as to what the highest score in football ever was?	No what was it?
No what was it?	It was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
It was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!	You know what! I did know that. Do you know what the lowest super bowl score ever was?
You know what! I did know that. Do you know what the lowest super bowl score ever was?	I do not.
I do not.	0-3
0-3	That is a terrible Superbowl. How boring. Did you know that ESPN invented the yellow line that shows the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that?
That is a terrible Superbowl. How boring. Did you know that ESPN invented the yellow line that shows the first down? Can you imagine watching a game without that?	Really? I didn't know they invented it....The only thing about it is that its sometimes in accurate- remember this last super bowl where it looked like he had the first down because he crossed the yellow line but it was actually in the wrong spot?
Really? I didn't know they invented it....The only thing about it is that its sometimes in accurate- remember this last super bowl where it looked like he had the first down because he crossed the yellow line but it was actually in the wrong spot?	Yes it can be deceiving but it helps. Do you you remember Benjarvus Green-Ellis that played for the Patriots?
Yes it can be deceiving but it helps. Do you you remember Benjarvus Green-Ellis that played for the Patriots?	Of course I do...he played With Ridley and all of them.
Of course I do...he played With Ridley and all of them.	Did you know that in his time with the Patriots he never fumbled a football?! That's incredible!
Did you know that in his time with the Patriots he never fumbled a football?! That's incredible!	Hey! Do you have an interest in football?
Hey! Do you have an interest in football?	Not that much as the game kind of confuses me. How about you?
Not that much as the game kind of confuses me. How about you?	A bit, I do get frustrated with the small amount of active play.
A bit, I do get frustrated with the small amount of active play.	Me too. The superimposed yellow line does help me out though. ESPN won an Emmy for it.
Me too. The superimposed yellow line does help me out though. ESPN won an Emmy for it.	It is a game changer for home viewership. I cant imagine watching without it!
It is a game changer for home viewership. I cant imagine watching without it!	One game I'm curious to see is the one between Cumberland and Georgia Tech where Georgia tech won 222 to 0.Too bad it was in 1916 and there isn't any footage.
One game I'm curious to see is the one between Cumberland and Georgia Tech where Georgia tech won 222 to 0.Too bad it was in 1916 and there isn't any footage.	That is a crazy score. I wonder if there is now some sort of mercy rule in place?
That is a crazy score. I wonder if there is now some sort of mercy rule in place?	Yeah I wonder. It's amazing how much interest in football has grown since then. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
Yeah I wonder. It's amazing how much interest in football has grown since then. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.	I cant believe bowler were ever paid that well. I wonder if there is a fantasy bowling league
I cant believe bowler were ever paid that well. I wonder if there is a fantasy bowling league	Haha, probably! Yeah, bowling is a lot easier for me to follow but incredibly boring. Haha.
Haha, probably! Yeah, bowling is a lot easier for me to follow but incredibly boring. Haha.	True. I mean there is a fantasy congress. That sounds like sooo much fun.....
True. I mean there is a fantasy congress. That sounds like sooo much fun.....	Haha, hilarious! Do you play fantasy football?
Haha, hilarious! Do you play fantasy football?	Nope, my brother is crazy into it though. I just dont care enough. lol
Nope, my brother is crazy into it though. I just dont care enough. lol	Yeah, me either, haha. Some people are really serious about it and dive deep into the stats.
Yeah, me either, haha. Some people are really serious about it and dive deep into the stats.	My brother would be watching several games and just rooting for the players he had on his team, but not an entire team. I never got it.
My brother would be watching several games and just rooting for the players he had on his team, but not an entire team. I never got it.	That is pretty funny. Hey, maybe I should try that and I'd be more into football.
That is pretty funny. Hey, maybe I should try that and I'd be more into football.	Its a possibility. I might enjoy the game a bit more also.
Its a possibility. I might enjoy the game a bit more also.	I do watch the Super Bowl. You?
I do watch the Super Bowl. You?	Usually only for the commercials. Missed it this year though. No cable, and I was sick.
Usually only for the commercials. Missed it this year though. No cable, and I was sick.	Oh, sorry to hear that. We played commercial bingo this year for cash. Have you tried that? Speaking of Super Bowls, 4 time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady wasn't started by his high school coach even though they had a terrible season. Lucky for him that he stuck to it.
Oh, sorry to hear that. We played commercial bingo this year for cash. Have you tried that? Speaking of Super Bowls, 4 time Super Bowl champion Tom Brady wasn't started by his high school coach even though they had a terrible season. Lucky for him that he stuck to it.	I have never heard of commercial bingo, but it sounds like a great time!
I have never heard of commercial bingo, but it sounds like a great time!	Yeah, you should do it next year. Have a good night!
Yeah, you should do it next year. Have a good night!	hey, did you know that iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted pink? That's pretty funny to me haha
hey, did you know that iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted pink? That's pretty funny to me haha	I didnt know that but I agree it must be curious to be the visiting team, wonder if that really works or just makes the other team angry.
I didnt know that but I agree it must be curious to be the visiting team, wonder if that really works or just makes the other team angry.	haha ya it either makes them mad and they play better or it demoralizes them, also crazy that in the 60's top football stars didn't make as much as the top bowlers, just wild because bowling isn't big at all these days
haha ya it either makes them mad and they play better or it demoralizes them, also crazy that in the 60's top football stars didn't make as much as the top bowlers, just wild because bowling isn't big at all these days	I bet football wasnt a big thing back in the day, you know theres a rb from the Patriots that never fumbled the ball?
I bet football wasnt a big thing back in the day, you know theres a rb from the Patriots that never fumbled the ball?	No I didn't know that, they shoudl give that guy a bonus, also weird that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
No I didn't know that, they shoudl give that guy a bonus, also weird that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl	Really the only one? I bet that gives him an edge and its former player maybe they did gave him a bonus back in the day.
Really the only one? I bet that gives him an edge and its former player maybe they did gave him a bonus back in the day.	ya I wondering if that is an advantage, I bet it is especially for running different kinds of plays, I think it's cool that the circle huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that other teams couldn't read his hand signs
ya I wondering if that is an advantage, I bet it is especially for running different kinds of plays, I think it's cool that the circle huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that other teams couldn't read his hand signs	I bet he didnt think it would become so popular, do you know who Baker Mayfield is?
I bet he didnt think it would become so popular, do you know who Baker Mayfield is?	he's a college quarterback isn't he? I think he was a champion in Halo 3 at his college, I used to play Halo 1 and 2, I was the champion of those games at my college
he's a college quarterback isn't he? I think he was a champion in Halo 3 at his college, I used to play Halo 1 and 2, I was the champion of those games at my college	Yeah apparently no one in his college could ever beat him in Halo 3, good thing he became a football player though.
Yeah apparently no one in his college could ever beat him in Halo 3, good thing he became a football player though.	Do you play any videogames? Like I said, I used to play Halo 1 and 2, I have played 3 and beyond but I didn't like those ones as much
Do you play any videogames? Like I said, I used to play Halo 1 and 2, I have played 3 and beyond but I didn't like those ones as much	Not really, I used to play Madden NFL and FIFA but I dont anymore, I guess I dont have the time but games can be really fun.
Not really, I used to play Madden NFL and FIFA but I dont anymore, I guess I dont have the time but games can be really fun.	ya games can be fun, it's fun to be playing and fantasize about what you're doing, apparently a single fold in the brain can make the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy, did you know that?
ya games can be fun, it's fun to be playing and fantasize about what you're doing, apparently a single fold in the brain can make the difference between perceiving reality and fantasy, did you know that?	I didnt know that, did you know there is a fantasy congress, points are gained due to legislative success.
I didnt know that, did you know there is a fantasy congress, points are gained due to legislative success.	what that is really weird, see I don't watch sports but I do follow politics so maybe I should get into that, people even fantasy draft the national spelling bee, people will fantasy draft anything I guess haha
what that is really weird, see I don't watch sports but I do follow politics so maybe I should get into that, people even fantasy draft the national spelling bee, people will fantasy draft anything I guess haha	I know right! there seems to be a fantasy league for everything lol,
I know right! there seems to be a fantasy league for everything lol,	Ya, can you imagine a fantasy league and predicting the score of the highest scoring football game ever? Apparently it was 222-0 haha
Ya, can you imagine a fantasy league and predicting the score of the highest scoring football game ever? Apparently it was 222-0 haha	I bet that would earn you serious points lol and I would retire from football after a loss like that one, who beat who?
I bet that would earn you serious points lol and I would retire from football after a loss like that one, who beat who?	It was Georgia Tech who defeated Cumberland, Like at some point you'd think when they hit 100 you would just give up haha
It was Georgia Tech who defeated Cumberland, Like at some point you'd think when they hit 100 you would just give up haha	Yeah lol it must be the most humiliating loss in football history, its almost like the story of Junipero Serra High School, had a hall of famer and never used him, they lost every game
Yeah lol it must be the most humiliating loss in football history, its almost like the story of Junipero Serra High School, had a hall of famer and never used him, they lost every game	I've seen that where sometimes the best players don't get used, it makes me sad at the waste of talent
I've seen that where sometimes the best players don't get used, it makes me sad at the waste of talent	Do you remember about the confidential informant in the Trump campaign?
Do you remember about the confidential informant in the Trump campaign?	I had a vague recollection of that. It was an FBI spy, right?
I had a vague recollection of that. It was an FBI spy, right?	It was not an FBI spy - just someone in the campaign who was concerned about the connections between the Trump campaign and Russia.
It was not an FBI spy - just someone in the campaign who was concerned about the connections between the Trump campaign and Russia.	oh ok, it was a confidential informant. Trump claimed it was an FBI spy, but it wasn't.
oh ok, it was a confidential informant. Trump claimed it was an FBI spy, but it wasn't.	Correct. Even Lindsey Graham agreed that he was not a spy.
Correct. Even Lindsey Graham agreed that he was not a spy.	Right, it seems the GOP did not want to back Trump on that whole spygate thing.
Right, it seems the GOP did not want to back Trump on that whole spygate thing.	Yes it might have been the last time they stood up to Trump. The president is a title for the head of state in most republics, but it is not a dictatorship
Yes it might have been the last time they stood up to Trump. The president is a title for the head of state in most republics, but it is not a dictatorship	Right, although 5 have been elected while still losing the popular vote
Right, although 5 have been elected while still losing the popular vote	Yes - the Republicans have lost the popular vote in 6 of the last 7 elections as their traditional demographic is shrinking.
Yes - the Republicans have lost the popular vote in 6 of the last 7 elections as their traditional demographic is shrinking.	That's true, they also don't seem very interested in reaching out beyond their traditional demographics. I wonder how they plan to survive in the future?
That's true, they also don't seem very interested in reaching out beyond their traditional demographics. I wonder how they plan to survive in the future?	I am not sure. Their core support in recent years comes from the South and the Mountain states, and the Evangelicals. The urban areas are all blue.
I am not sure. Their core support in recent years comes from the South and the Mountain states, and the Evangelicals. The urban areas are all blue.	Hillary Clinton was a republican in college, apparently...that's interesting.
Hillary Clinton was a republican in college, apparently...that's interesting.	I did not know that. Though she might be like me and grow more liberal as she ages. Plus the Republican party has grown far more right-wing even since Reagan.
I did not know that. Though she might be like me and grow more liberal as she ages. Plus the Republican party has grown far more right-wing even since Reagan.	Yeah, the GOP is hard to relate to at times. I try to be objective but its hard to even consider voting for a party that denies climate change and has people like Mike Pence that believe in conversion therapy.
Yeah, the GOP is hard to relate to at times. I try to be objective but its hard to even consider voting for a party that denies climate change and has people like Mike Pence that believe in conversion therapy.	I completely agree. After the Civil Rights act and the Voting Rights Act they started shifting right and very conservative. Taking away voting rights seems to be their big thing right now.
I completely agree. After the Civil Rights act and the Voting Rights Act they started shifting right and very conservative. Taking away voting rights seems to be their big thing right now.	Yeah, they are not the party of Lincoln like they claim. Although, Richard Nixon did propose a guaranteed minimum income.
Yeah, they are not the party of Lincoln like they claim. Although, Richard Nixon did propose a guaranteed minimum income.	Yes for sure. I find it funny that Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride because he did not want to be associated with the Republicans!
Yes for sure. I find it funny that Harry Truman visited Disneyland and refused to be photographed on the Dumbo ride because he did not want to be associated with the Republicans!	That is really funny! Lincoln was the first president to be photographed and john wilkes booth was in the photo...wow!
That is really funny! Lincoln was the first president to be photographed and john wilkes booth was in the photo...wow!	Wow that is crazy! It fits though - every US president who has had a beard was a Republican!
Wow that is crazy! It fits though - every US president who has had a beard was a Republican!	Wow! Trump should grow a beard.
Wow! Trump should grow a beard.	I am not sure about an orange beard! He might look like the first president of zimbabwe who was called president banana!
I am not sure about an orange beard! He might look like the first president of zimbabwe who was called president banana!	Do you play fantasy football?
Do you play fantasy football?	I don't but my kids do. They love it. They just hate when their team has a bye week and they can play their favorite players! It hurts when Tom Brady has a bye week. LOL.
I don't but my kids do. They love it. They just hate when their team has a bye week and they can play their favorite players! It hurts when Tom Brady has a bye week. LOL.	Interesting. Did you know the Iowa's guest locker room is painted pink?
Interesting. Did you know the Iowa's guest locker room is painted pink?	No. That is too funny! One of my boys picked up John Brown from the Ravens. He has been doing really good lately. Three touchdowns!
No. That is too funny! One of my boys picked up John Brown from the Ravens. He has been doing really good lately. Three touchdowns!	That's awesome, are you a Ravens fan?
That's awesome, are you a Ravens fan?	Cowboys all the way! You know that everything is bigger in Texas. There is a high school football stadium in Allen, TX that seats 18,000 and cost $60 mil to build!
Cowboys all the way! You know that everything is bigger in Texas. There is a high school football stadium in Allen, TX that seats 18,000 and cost $60 mil to build!	I've only been to Texas a few times. Figures, I'm a Redskins fan, hilarious!
I've only been to Texas a few times. Figures, I'm a Redskins fan, hilarious!	Listen, high school football is no joke. Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. Talk about connections!
Listen, high school football is no joke. Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team. Talk about connections!	Oh, I believe it. Have you ever participated in the fantasy spelling bee league?
Oh, I believe it. Have you ever participated in the fantasy spelling bee league?	Ummm no. I never knew that there was such a thing! I love watching those kids spell, but had no idea that you could have a fantasy league!
Ummm no. I never knew that there was such a thing! I love watching those kids spell, but had no idea that you could have a fantasy league!	I didn't either. I wonder how they score points?
I didn't either. I wonder how they score points?	Not sure. I don't like much that is fantasy. I am not a huge fan of that fiction but many people are. Did you know there is a university where you can study science fiction and fantasy lit with a concentration of tolkien studies. Too much for me.
Not sure. I don't like much that is fantasy. I am not a huge fan of that fiction but many people are. Did you know there is a university where you can study science fiction and fantasy lit with a concentration of tolkien studies. Too much for me.	No, I don't think I would feel comfortable going to that school.
No, I don't think I would feel comfortable going to that school.	Not a fan. I am more a fan of sports. I love watching quarterbacks. I think that they are so gifted. Did you hear about Kellan Moore who is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl?
Not a fan. I am more a fan of sports. I love watching quarterbacks. I think that they are so gifted. Did you hear about Kellan Moore who is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl?	No, I'm surprised there aren't more left handers in the game. I suppose they have to build the team around the QB though.
No, I'm surprised there aren't more left handers in the game. I suppose they have to build the team around the QB though.	Yep. Did you know that there have only been two african-american qbs to win the super bowl and both wins were against the broncos?
Yep. Did you know that there have only been two african-american qbs to win the super bowl and both wins were against the broncos?	No, I didn't. I know the huddle was made to hide hand signals though.
No, I didn't. I know the huddle was made to hide hand signals though.	I figured. Guess how much those American flags that fly in the stadiums weigh and cost? 1,100 pounds and $50000.
I figured. Guess how much those American flags that fly in the stadiums weigh and cost? 1,100 pounds and $50000.	OMG, really? $50,000 in the Football stadiums?
OMG, really? $50,000 in the Football stadiums?	Yes! Betsy Ross is probably turning over in her grave! Especially if she knew that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams in the U.S.
Yes! Betsy Ross is probably turning over in her grave! Especially if she knew that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to college football teams in the U.S.	Wow, that's unbelievable. I never knew the flags cost that much. Well nice chatting with you!
Wow, that's unbelievable. I never knew the flags cost that much. Well nice chatting with you!	Good Morning. Are you a football fan? Playoff season is here.
Good Morning. Are you a football fan? Playoff season is here.	I am a fan. I do fantasy football. I saw that the National spelling bee is a fantasy draft. Crazy.
I am a fan. I do fantasy football. I saw that the National spelling bee is a fantasy draft. Crazy.	I saw that too. My fantasy football season just finished up. Calvin Ridley was a big waiver wire target early in the season.
I saw that too. My fantasy football season just finished up. Calvin Ridley was a big waiver wire target early in the season.	You can even play fantasy congress.
You can even play fantasy congress.	Really? How do you get points? Probably off of their success in getting things through Congress.
Really? How do you get points? Probably off of their success in getting things through Congress.	Points are based on Legislative success.
Points are based on Legislative success.	That's what I figured. Are you going to watch any of the games this weekend? As usual the Dolphins and Ryan Tannehill missed out.
That's what I figured. Are you going to watch any of the games this weekend? As usual the Dolphins and Ryan Tannehill missed out.	Yes, i'll watch them. I seethat Ivory may get most of the work if Mccoy isn't 100%.
Yes, i'll watch them. I seethat Ivory may get most of the work if Mccoy isn't 100%.	The Bills are out of the playoffs. That information was more relevant to week 4, not today.
The Bills are out of the playoffs. That information was more relevant to week 4, not today.	Not today at all. I was reading and saw that in the brain, a single fold makes the difference in perceiving reality and
Not today at all. I was reading and saw that in the brain, a single fold makes the difference in perceiving reality and	Perceiving reality and what? Fantasy?
Perceiving reality and what? Fantasy?	Sorry, yes, Fantasy. Going back to Fooball, I heard awhile back that the University of Iowa have an all pink visitor locker room. How funny.
Sorry, yes, Fantasy. Going back to Fooball, I heard awhile back that the University of Iowa have an all pink visitor locker room. How funny.	Yeah, anything to get an advantage I guess. Some teams don't need it though, like when Georgia beat Cumberland 222-0.
Yeah, anything to get an advantage I guess. Some teams don't need it though, like when Georgia beat Cumberland 222-0.	Oh my God, what an Ass whipping. Benjarvus Green-ellis, former Payriots running back has never fumbled the football.
Oh my God, what an Ass whipping. Benjarvus Green-ellis, former Payriots running back has never fumbled the football.	That's a pretty amazing statistic. I'm still suprised that the Falcon's didn't make the playoffs. With all their talent, and Calvin Ridley now added to the mix, they really under performed.
That's a pretty amazing statistic. I'm still suprised that the Falcon's didn't make the playoffs. With all their talent, and Calvin Ridley now added to the mix, they really under performed.	Yes they did. So did my Panthers. I saw that when Tom Brady was in high school, he was a backup Quarterback.
Yes they did. So did my Panthers. I saw that when Tom Brady was in high school, he was a backup Quarterback.	I like the Panthers. Luke Kuechly is a beast and frequently used in pass coverage.
I like the Panthers. Luke Kuechly is a beast and frequently used in pass coverage.	Newton was hurt all those games he played. Speaking of playing, Brady couldn't even get in the games in HS even though his high school recorded a historically bad season.
Newton was hurt all those games he played. Speaking of playing, Brady couldn't even get in the games in HS even though his high school recorded a historically bad season.	I read that too. And he's now a 4 time superbowl champion
I read that too. And he's now a 4 time superbowl champion	That coach must not be very good, lol. In the whole NFL, Kellan Moore is the only left handed Quarterback.
That coach must not be very good, lol. In the whole NFL, Kellan Moore is the only left handed Quarterback.	Never heard of him. Well, nice chatting with you. Hope you enjoy the playoffs.
Never heard of him. Well, nice chatting with you. Hope you enjoy the playoffs.	Thanks and Happy New Year.
Thanks and Happy New Year.	Hi, do you play any fantasy sport games?
Hi, do you play any fantasy sport games?	I never have but I've heard that you can even play fantasy spelling bee! So I can't promise that some day I won't try it, in one way or another! Ha
I never have but I've heard that you can even play fantasy spelling bee! So I can't promise that some day I won't try it, in one way or another! Ha	I have heard that too. I like playing fantasy football each year, but that's about the only one I do.
I have heard that too. I like playing fantasy football each year, but that's about the only one I do.	It sounds like a really fun thing to do, I'm just mostly too busy for fun. :( Fantasy congress, is a thing too!
It sounds like a really fun thing to do, I'm just mostly too busy for fun. :( Fantasy congress, is a thing too!	I agree. I can't believe people do fantasy congress. That is just funny.
I agree. I can't believe people do fantasy congress. That is just funny.	I wonder what all other things people draft! Speaking of fantasy, a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality! Yikes! Scary! Human's need to learn more about how fragile our bodies and especially our brains our, i think.
I wonder what all other things people draft! Speaking of fantasy, a single fold in the brain makes the difference between perceiving fantasy and reality! Yikes! Scary! Human's need to learn more about how fragile our bodies and especially our brains our, i think.	Wow that's very interesting. Very fragile brains. Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.
Wow that's very interesting. Very fragile brains. Terry Pratchett was knighted for his services to literature.	Oh wow! I wouldn't mind being Knighted! It's sounds so cool to me!
Oh wow! I wouldn't mind being Knighted! It's sounds so cool to me!	That does sound pretty cool. A comedian in Chicago wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript one time.
That does sound pretty cool. A comedian in Chicago wrote a 15,145 page fantasy manuscript one time.	Jeez, I hope the comedian got paid for that!
Jeez, I hope the comedian got paid for that!	I hope so too! Do you like football?
I hope so too! Do you like football?	I do like football! And soccer to a degree. But mostly football.
I do like football! And soccer to a degree. But mostly football.	I do too. Do you like the quarterback position?
I do too. Do you like the quarterback position?	Yes I do! Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the nfl?
Yes I do! Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the nfl?	I did not know that. I do remember Vick being a lefty as well.
I did not know that. I do remember Vick being a lefty as well.	Oh really? Personally, I'd love to be ambidextrous!
Oh really? Personally, I'd love to be ambidextrous!	That would be cool. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?
That would be cool. Did you know Alex Smith took so many AP classes in high school that he was a junior when he started college?	No, I didn't know that! I think that it's good to keep up with education, no matter what other opportunities, on may have.
No, I didn't know that! I think that it's good to keep up with education, no matter what other opportunities, on may have.	I agree. In the 1960's, top bowlers made twice as much as top NFL stars.
I agree. In the 1960's, top bowlers made twice as much as top NFL stars.	That's crazy! I've never bowled, ever!Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career. That's a great record to have!
That's crazy! I've never bowled, ever!Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career. That's a great record to have!	I can't believe he never fumbled. Pretty crazy. Well, it's been real chatting with you. Have a good day.
I can't believe he never fumbled. Pretty crazy. Well, it's been real chatting with you. Have a good day.	Hey there, I found it pretty interesting that the Presidential runner-up became the Vice President until 1805
Hey there, I found it pretty interesting that the Presidential runner-up became the Vice President until 1805	Hi. I thought that was awesome too. But now they have more choice in who they can work with. I thought it was awesome that Canadian law requires radio stations to play Canadian music 40 percent of the time.
Hi. I thought that was awesome too. But now they have more choice in who they can work with. I thought it was awesome that Canadian law requires radio stations to play Canadian music 40 percent of the time.	Yeah that was pretty interesting too. At least they are supporting their artists. The first couple articles were a bit frustrating - I feel like we're confusing politics with popular culture too much anymore.
Yeah that was pretty interesting too. At least they are supporting their artists. The first couple articles were a bit frustrating - I feel like we're confusing politics with popular culture too much anymore.	Yes. We have. It seems as if every pop star has to get in on the political scene now.
Yes. We have. It seems as if every pop star has to get in on the political scene now.	Agreed, and we have our President and his staff/family getting into arguments, and every normal person wants the spotlight talking about politics
Agreed, and we have our President and his staff/family getting into arguments, and every normal person wants the spotlight talking about politics	I thought it was interesting that the President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. We need more artistic expression and less politics.
I thought it was interesting that the President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. We need more artistic expression and less politics.	Totally agree. Much less divisiveness in art! How about the President of Zimbabwe being called President Banana - I laughed a lot at that fact
Totally agree. Much less divisiveness in art! How about the President of Zimbabwe being called President Banana - I laughed a lot at that fact	I thought the same thing. And the guest house of our President is larger than the White House. I had no idea!
I thought the same thing. And the guest house of our President is larger than the White House. I had no idea!	I think I may have heard that before, but I could be making stuff up haha. I wonder who made that decision. I was surprised the parties didnt start using red/blue colors until 2000
I think I may have heard that before, but I could be making stuff up haha. I wonder who made that decision. I was surprised the parties didnt start using red/blue colors until 2000	I was too. News casters always focus on that during elections. And who came up with the Donkey and Elephant thing?! I think we need a third party. There hasn't been a US President who was a Republican or Democrat since 1853.
I was too. News casters always focus on that during elections. And who came up with the Donkey and Elephant thing?! I think we need a third party. There hasn't been a US President who was a Republican or Democrat since 1853.	Thats a good question - I've wondered about the animals too. I wouldnt argue with a third party either - speaking of consistency, its wild that Nixon and Bush have been so frequently on election tickets
Thats a good question - I've wondered about the animals too. I wouldnt argue with a third party either - speaking of consistency, its wild that Nixon and Bush have been so frequently on election tickets	I did not realize that either. I would have to see if that fact is really true with Wikipedia even thought I trust our requestor friends. I thought some of the facts about radios were wild. The fact that Jupitar has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio. I thought they were going to tie back radios to when earlier Presidents started to talk to the public on them but the fact section didn't.
I did not realize that either. I would have to see if that fact is really true with Wikipedia even thought I trust our requestor friends. I thought some of the facts about radios were wild. The fact that Jupitar has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio. I thought they were going to tie back radios to when earlier Presidents started to talk to the public on them but the fact section didn't.	I thought it was weird that radio facts were thrown in there too, but definitely interesting. Id like to see one of the homemade radios soldiers used in WWII. I dont know how a razorblade and a pencil could transmit
I thought it was weird that radio facts were thrown in there too, but definitely interesting. Id like to see one of the homemade radios soldiers used in WWII. I dont know how a razorblade and a pencil could transmit	I think it must be the carbon inside the pencil. It doesn't seem possible at first glance to be either must it has to be some sort of chemical properties/science thing. I would like to see that website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free. I think old time radio is so interesting like that where everyone was scared of a fake Mars invasion.
I think it must be the carbon inside the pencil. It doesn't seem possible at first glance to be either must it has to be some sort of chemical properties/science thing. I would like to see that website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free. I think old time radio is so interesting like that where everyone was scared of a fake Mars invasion.	You definitely have more scientific knowledge than me! I'd like to see that website as well - its cool we're archiving so much. Its crazy that a finnish station broadcasts in classical latin too - you wouldnt think too many people would speak latin
You definitely have more scientific knowledge than me! I'd like to see that website as well - its cool we're archiving so much. Its crazy that a finnish station broadcasts in classical latin too - you wouldnt think too many people would speak latin	I was really surprised at that time. Latin is always advertised as being a 'dead language.' My old teacher said that people are not even certain how to pronounce it. But, if you think about it, scientists 'speak it' because of how they categorize everything. I guess those Finnish people want to make sure that people can practice their Latin.
I was really surprised at that time. Latin is always advertised as being a 'dead language.' My old teacher said that people are not even certain how to pronounce it. But, if you think about it, scientists 'speak it' because of how they categorize everything. I guess those Finnish people want to make sure that people can practice their Latin.	Maybe its some sort of educational initiative - learn by hearing? Sounds more cultured than Trump Jr. and Anderson Cooper having arguments - why cant we just be civil?
Maybe its some sort of educational initiative - learn by hearing? Sounds more cultured than Trump Jr. and Anderson Cooper having arguments - why cant we just be civil?	I guess people have forgotten 'The Golden Rule." The manager of Midtown Tavern was wise when he said, "We just try to stay politically neutral. We're a restaurant."
I guess people have forgotten 'The Golden Rule." The manager of Midtown Tavern was wise when he said, "We just try to stay politically neutral. We're a restaurant."	Yes, that is a good stance to take. Its a shame they even have to justify their opinion. Why was the radio station even making an issue out of it?>
Yes, that is a good stance to take. Its a shame they even have to justify their opinion. Why was the radio station even making an issue out of it?>	Many radio stations need a story to draw listeners in. Sensationalism I suppose it would be called. I don't think the media always has an 'agenda' even though the sometimes do.
Many radio stations need a story to draw listeners in. Sensationalism I suppose it would be called. I don't think the media always has an 'agenda' even though the sometimes do.	Yeah, I suppose youre right. Well hey, it was nice talking to you. Have a good day!
Yeah, I suppose youre right. Well hey, it was nice talking to you. Have a good day!	I didn't know that JFK was one of the top three wealthiest presidents. He must have had money.
I didn't know that JFK was one of the top three wealthiest presidents. He must have had money.	Wow! Who were the other two?
Wow! Who were the other two?	Washington and Jefferson. Washington doesn't surprise me, he was very wealthy before taking office.
Washington and Jefferson. Washington doesn't surprise me, he was very wealthy before taking office.	Yea I have heard that too. Apparently, the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
Yea I have heard that too. Apparently, the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.	Speaking of popularity, the GOP started out as an anti-slavery party, which was popular in the north. Didn't know that.
Speaking of popularity, the GOP started out as an anti-slavery party, which was popular in the north. Didn't know that.	I actually did. It was the Democrats who owned the slaves. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.
I actually did. It was the Democrats who owned the slaves. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.	But then the Democrats became more of a people's party with the passing of the New Deal. Interesting how that worked out.
But then the Democrats became more of a people's party with the passing of the New Deal. Interesting how that worked out.	Do you listen to the radio very often?
Do you listen to the radio very often?	I do, and I didn't know that Jupiter's radio storms can be picked up on them.
I do, and I didn't know that Jupiter's radio storms can be picked up on them.	That is absolutely amazing. Im shocked to be honest.
That is absolutely amazing. Im shocked to be honest.	I've heard a lot about Trump on the radio. Apparently Anderson Cooper was not trying to make the storm seem more severe than it was when he stood in water.
I've heard a lot about Trump on the radio. Apparently Anderson Cooper was not trying to make the storm seem more severe than it was when he stood in water.	Possibly, but I do not trust the main stream media.
Possibly, but I do not trust the main stream media.	It seems like the main stream media and other people do not like certain figures, like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. She was shooed out of a restaurant by the owners.
It seems like the main stream media and other people do not like certain figures, like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. She was shooed out of a restaurant by the owners.	Ya that is appalling. Even if you disagree with someone you shouldn't scream at them.
Ya that is appalling. Even if you disagree with someone you shouldn't scream at them.	Speaking of screaming, apparently Michael Moore recently attended an anti-trump rally, with Jeff Flake of all people.
Speaking of screaming, apparently Michael Moore recently attended an anti-trump rally, with Jeff Flake of all people.	Does not surprise me. They think they are American heroes, but the real heroes were the people who fought in WWII. Apparently, soldiers made radios using razorblades and pencils!
Does not surprise me. They think they are American heroes, but the real heroes were the people who fought in WWII. Apparently, soldiers made radios using razorblades and pencils!	I found that fascinating. Are radios that simple to make? It's also easy to say stuff on air. Some people use it to clarify their views, like the Midtown Tavern. Is what they said belieavable?
I found that fascinating. Are radios that simple to make? It's also easy to say stuff on air. Some people use it to clarify their views, like the Midtown Tavern. Is what they said belieavable?	I do not believe them. Taking sides is precisely what they do.
I do not believe them. Taking sides is precisely what they do.	Speaking of believability, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana? Are these people pulling my leg?
Speaking of believability, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called Banana? Are these people pulling my leg?	That's hard to believe! I have also heard that the US president's guest house is larger than the white house itself!
That's hard to believe! I have also heard that the US president's guest house is larger than the white house itself!	Yes, that's a big one, because the White house is pretty large. The guest house must be enormous, much like the length of time only republican and democrat presidents have been in office.
Yes, that's a big one, because the White house is pretty large. The guest house must be enormous, much like the length of time only republican and democrat presidents have been in office.	That's a good point
That's a good point	Hi there! Do you follow politics?
Hi there! Do you follow politics?	I do somewhat, it's hard to watch a lot of the news today though it seems so negative.
I do somewhat, it's hard to watch a lot of the news today though it seems so negative.	I agree. We'll just talk about some president things then such as the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
I agree. We'll just talk about some president things then such as the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.	That's a great name, I wonder if it was a nickname or his actual name.
That's a great name, I wonder if it was a nickname or his actual name.	I'm not sure. The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
I'm not sure. The top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I'd be curious to know where Trump ranks on this list, he's pretty wealthy.
I'd be curious to know where Trump ranks on this list, he's pretty wealthy.	I think he might be number 1 now. I think this list is old. The US presidents guest house is bigger than the white house. Must be to make the guests more comfy.
I think he might be number 1 now. I think this list is old. The US presidents guest house is bigger than the white house. Must be to make the guests more comfy.	It probably also helps with security to house everyone that visits in one location as opposed to using hotels.
It probably also helps with security to house everyone that visits in one location as opposed to using hotels.	I never thought of that. Good point! Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president. That would be interesting to see that happen today.
I never thought of that. Good point! Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president. That would be interesting to see that happen today.	Yes it definitely would. I know that it even caused some issues back then because they were opponents before they were partners.
Yes it definitely would. I know that it even caused some issues back then because they were opponents before they were partners.	True! The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office, They must have been good. lol
True! The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office, They must have been good. lol	I wonder if anyone would tell him if they weren't!
I wonder if anyone would tell him if they weren't!	I would hope so. lol
I would hope so. lol	I'd like a Trump pop album, the news media would eat that up!
I'd like a Trump pop album, the news media would eat that up!	lol yes they would! There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853!
lol yes they would! There hasn't been a US president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853!	I think our system could really benefit from breaking away from the two party system. It would get some more options and candidates on the table.
I think our system could really benefit from breaking away from the two party system. It would get some more options and candidates on the table.	I agree. I think we will see that maybe in the next 8 or 12 years. Every US president with a beard has been a republican!
I agree. I think we will see that maybe in the next 8 or 12 years. Every US president with a beard has been a republican!	That's a fun presidential fact! I don't think a bearded person would do well in a race now a days, they seem to not be in fashion in politics.
That's a fun presidential fact! I don't think a bearded person would do well in a race now a days, they seem to not be in fashion in politics.	No. I can't recall even a local politician with a beard in my area. lol Consistent use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000. Thank for the chat!
No. I can't recall even a local politician with a beard in my area. lol Consistent use of red and blue colors for republicans and democrats only started in 2000. Thank for the chat!	It was fun talking with you as well! Maybe we'll see a bearded Democratic president soon!
It was fun talking with you as well! Maybe we'll see a bearded Democratic president soon!	Yes! Maybe! lol Have a great day!
Yes! Maybe! lol Have a great day!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm doing great! How about you? Are you interested in Representative Comstock at all in her Northern Virginia GOP primary?
I'm doing great! How about you? Are you interested in Representative Comstock at all in her Northern Virginia GOP primary?	I'm well, thanks for asking. No, actually, I am not interested in it. Are you?
I'm well, thanks for asking. No, actually, I am not interested in it. Are you?	I follow politics a lot but I've been reading up on it somewhat as well. Interesting how she is a Republican running in a district that voted for Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly. Rep Comstock is the overwhelming favorite in the GOP primary because she has raised $3.2 million.
I follow politics a lot but I've been reading up on it somewhat as well. Interesting how she is a Republican running in a district that voted for Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly. Rep Comstock is the overwhelming favorite in the GOP primary because she has raised $3.2 million.	Well, that situation is kind of interesting. A Republican in a district that overwhelmingly voted for Hillary? Now, I'm wondering why Democrats haven't been yelling voter fraud? Lol
Well, that situation is kind of interesting. A Republican in a district that overwhelmingly voted for Hillary? Now, I'm wondering why Democrats haven't been yelling voter fraud? Lol	Haha! Seriously a weird situation that Rep Comstock easily won re-election in a district that voted for Hillary Clinton. Rep Barbara Comstock is facing Shak Hill in the primary which she will probably face no competition from even though he is a retired Air Force pilot.
Haha! Seriously a weird situation that Rep Comstock easily won re-election in a district that voted for Hillary Clinton. Rep Barbara Comstock is facing Shak Hill in the primary which she will probably face no competition from even though he is a retired Air Force pilot.	Well, that is so interesting, now. I'm going to start following the race!
Well, that is so interesting, now. I'm going to start following the race!	She seems to be doing something Trump would do by starting a website introducing Shak
She seems to be doing something Trump would do by starting a website introducing Shak	Yeah, that does sound like something Trump would do! Ha ha
Yeah, that does sound like something Trump would do! Ha ha	Her campaign is referring to his hiring decisions and accuses him of posting lewd material online!
Her campaign is referring to his hiring decisions and accuses him of posting lewd material online!	On a side note, do you listen to the radio?
On a side note, do you listen to the radio?	I do but a whole lot less than I used to! What are your favorite stations?
I do but a whole lot less than I used to! What are your favorite stations?	I listen to an easy listening station on my commute, to and from work. I try to keep myself calm, the traffic where I live is horrible.
I listen to an easy listening station on my commute, to and from work. I try to keep myself calm, the traffic where I live is horrible.	The traffic where I live is horrible as well. Luckily I don't have to commute into the traffic. I like easy listening as well! I'm a serious nerd about radio technology though!
The traffic where I live is horrible as well. Luckily I don't have to commute into the traffic. I like easy listening as well! I'm a serious nerd about radio technology though!	Really, how so?
Really, how so?	Did you know that radio carries information on the waves by just slightly modulating their amplitude. Amplitude is just the size of the wave like in the ocean. The radio station number is just a frequency of wave.
Did you know that radio carries information on the waves by just slightly modulating their amplitude. Amplitude is just the size of the wave like in the ocean. The radio station number is just a frequency of wave.	Oh my goodness! You are speaking Greek, to me. But, I kind of sorta understand that concept.
Oh my goodness! You are speaking Greek, to me. But, I kind of sorta understand that concept.	It is just like waves in the ocean. Frequency is how often the wave peaks arrive on the shore. So 100 on FM is 100 MHz if I remember correctly. M is mega and Hz is hertz. Mega is 1 million and Hertz is 1 time per second.
It is just like waves in the ocean. Frequency is how often the wave peaks arrive on the shore. So 100 on FM is 100 MHz if I remember correctly. M is mega and Hz is hertz. Mega is 1 million and Hertz is 1 time per second.	That's awesome that you understand it so well. The kid that lives next door to me, made a Foxhole radio one time for a Science Fair project and I was very impressed with that thing.
That's awesome that you understand it so well. The kid that lives next door to me, made a Foxhole radio one time for a Science Fair project and I was very impressed with that thing.	I have no idea what a Foxhole radio is at all! I just remember it from physics in college back in the day!
I have no idea what a Foxhole radio is at all! I just remember it from physics in college back in the day!	That's cool! Apparently, its just a very basic radio made with a razor blade and pencil. I was shocked it worked, but it did. I think he won a Blue ribbon, it was a neat project.
That's cool! Apparently, its just a very basic radio made with a razor blade and pencil. I was shocked it worked, but it did. I think he won a Blue ribbon, it was a neat project.	That is amazing. I'm going to look that up later! Did you know a random fact that Canadian law requires all radios in the country are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. I wonder if Celine Dion counts?
That is amazing. I'm going to look that up later! Did you know a random fact that Canadian law requires all radios in the country are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. I wonder if Celine Dion counts?	She's one of the only Canadians I know of besides Shania Twain and Justin Bieber. Can you think of anymore?
She's one of the only Canadians I know of besides Shania Twain and Justin Bieber. Can you think of anymore?	Nope you really knocked it out of the park with Bieber!
Nope you really knocked it out of the park with Bieber!	Lol, only know that one because of my grandkids. Yeah, that is some law, though.
Lol, only know that one because of my grandkids. Yeah, that is some law, though.	Oh, another interesting fact is that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. Lots of people used to sit around the radio way back in the day I suppose. It would be interesting to see what the shows are like.
Oh, another interesting fact is that there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. Lots of people used to sit around the radio way back in the day I suppose. It would be interesting to see what the shows are like.	They had to use their imagination alot more back then. Well, it's been fun chatting with you this morning. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. I need to go walk my dog, now. Take care, friend.
They had to use their imagination alot more back then. Well, it's been fun chatting with you this morning. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. I need to go walk my dog, now. Take care, friend.	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	I do from time to time, what about you?
I do from time to time, what about you?	Yeah, all the time. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor and pencil?
Yeah, all the time. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor and pencil?	My grandpa actually taught me how to do that. He said they made them in World War II.
My grandpa actually taught me how to do that. He said they made them in World War II.	Interesting. I saw it in a movie called Hart's War.
Interesting. I saw it in a movie called Hart's War.	I really liked that movie.
I really liked that movie.	Yeah, that movie is not too bad. Did you know you can hear Jupiter storms on AM radio?
Yeah, that movie is not too bad. Did you know you can hear Jupiter storms on AM radio?	I didn't know that. I'm going to have to try to find that on my way home.
I didn't know that. I'm going to have to try to find that on my way home.	Yeah, I'm not sure what station it is on though.
Yeah, I'm not sure what station it is on though.	I'll have to do some research. Did you know that in Canada, by law all radios stations are required to have at least 40% of the music be Canadian artist?
I'll have to do some research. Did you know that in Canada, by law all radios stations are required to have at least 40% of the music be Canadian artist?	Hmm, wonder why that is though?
Hmm, wonder why that is though?	I'm not sure, I guess the stations are constantly playing Drake, Celine Dion, Bieber and the like.
I'm not sure, I guess the stations are constantly playing Drake, Celine Dion, Bieber and the like.	Interesting. Do you think it is because they need help getting fans?
Interesting. Do you think it is because they need help getting fans?	That or they want to support their national artist.
That or they want to support their national artist.	Yeah, that is true. It has to be better than the all latin channel. LOL
Yeah, that is true. It has to be better than the all latin channel. LOL	That is true, haha. Especially if it's news, like the Finnish radio station that has broadcast "Nuntii Latini" since 1989.
That is true, haha. Especially if it's news, like the Finnish radio station that has broadcast "Nuntii Latini" since 1989.	Exactly. I wonder if you can hear Venus on the AM radio?
Exactly. I wonder if you can hear Venus on the AM radio?	I'm not sure. I wonder what makes Jupiter so special?
I'm not sure. I wonder what makes Jupiter so special?	Probably the storms if I had to guess. Well, nice chatting with you!
Probably the storms if I had to guess. Well, nice chatting with you!	Nice chatting with you too. I hope you have a good evening. Check out the website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free!
Nice chatting with you too. I hope you have a good evening. Check out the website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free!	I will have to do that. Take it easy!
I will have to do that. Take it easy!	Hi. Are you into the fantasy football? They even have a fantasy draft for the spelling bee!
Hi. Are you into the fantasy football? They even have a fantasy draft for the spelling bee!	I do belong to a fantasy football league. This year I pretty much just let AI pick my team and it sure showed. I came in last place. I just havent been watching much football in the past couple of years.
I do belong to a fantasy football league. This year I pretty much just let AI pick my team and it sure showed. I came in last place. I just havent been watching much football in the past couple of years.	Oh dang. Yeah it is time consuming. I think fantasy is an interesting genre and its in so many things like film, tv, and even video games.
Oh dang. Yeah it is time consuming. I think fantasy is an interesting genre and its in so many things like film, tv, and even video games.	yeah, crazy that there's a fantasy spelling bee. Seems like there's a fantasy everything now, even golf.
yeah, crazy that there's a fantasy spelling bee. Seems like there's a fantasy everything now, even golf.	Yeah I guess it makes things more fun and interesting. In addition to sports there is even a fantasy congress lol.
Yeah I guess it makes things more fun and interesting. In addition to sports there is even a fantasy congress lol.	yeah saw that, who plays that? I think the whole country as a whole does not like them. Must be politicians who play.
yeah saw that, who plays that? I think the whole country as a whole does not like them. Must be politicians who play.	Yeah agreed I'm not sure. The points are based off legislative success.
Yeah agreed I'm not sure. The points are based off legislative success.	Favorite QB of all time? I grew up watching Joe Montana, not sure anyone will pass Brady though. Surprising that Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league.
Favorite QB of all time? I grew up watching Joe Montana, not sure anyone will pass Brady though. Surprising that Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the league.	Oh wow yeah all the above are great except Moore-don't know him. Alex Smith is a smart guy he was very academically oriented.
Oh wow yeah all the above are great except Moore-don't know him. Alex Smith is a smart guy he was very academically oriented.	Also grew up a Bucs fan when Doug Williams was playing for them, he finally got his Super Bowl ring.
Also grew up a Bucs fan when Doug Williams was playing for them, he finally got his Super Bowl ring.	Oh nice yeah about time. I like Baker Mayfield and he once became a professional Halo 3 player!
Oh nice yeah about time. I like Baker Mayfield and he once became a professional Halo 3 player!	Did you know that Russell Wilson is still under an MLB contract even though he has not played in a regular game since 2011
Did you know that Russell Wilson is still under an MLB contract even though he has not played in a regular game since 2011	Yeah that is bizarre! You mentioned Tom Brady-he didn't even start on his JV team!
Yeah that is bizarre! You mentioned Tom Brady-he didn't even start on his JV team!	Brad Johnson the only QB to throw himself a touchdown pass. Funny
Brad Johnson the only QB to throw himself a touchdown pass. Funny	Didn't know that was even legal. That is impressive and taking the offensive leader nickname to a whole new level.
Didn't know that was even legal. That is impressive and taking the offensive leader nickname to a whole new level.	Crazy about Brady not making a starting spot on his JV team
Crazy about Brady not making a starting spot on his JV team	I know right. Wonder what the coach at Junipero Serra High School was thinking?
I know right. Wonder what the coach at Junipero Serra High School was thinking?	yeah, he's gotta live with that his whole life. He had Brady but didnt start him. That's gotta haunt him just a little.
yeah, he's gotta live with that his whole life. He had Brady but didnt start him. That's gotta haunt him just a little.	Yeah especially given the fact that his team failed to win a game that season!
Yeah especially given the fact that his team failed to win a game that season!	turn in your coaching license! Too funny. Back to Russell Wilson's MLB contract, he got traded from the Texas Rangers to the Yankees in 2018.
turn in your coaching license! Too funny. Back to Russell Wilson's MLB contract, he got traded from the Texas Rangers to the Yankees in 2018.	I would like to see him play a game. Would be fun to watch! The circular huddle that all QB's use was developed by a deaf quarterback.
I would like to see him play a game. Would be fun to watch! The circular huddle that all QB's use was developed by a deaf quarterback.	The highest paid across all US Defense Dept. employees are 3 football coaches.
The highest paid across all US Defense Dept. employees are 3 football coaches.	That goes to show how important football is to our society. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0 if you can believe it.
That goes to show how important football is to our society. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0 if you can believe it.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm doing well and you?
I'm doing well and you?	Well, thanks. Did you know JFK, washington and Jeffferson were the three most wealthy presidents?
Well, thanks. Did you know JFK, washington and Jeffferson were the three most wealthy presidents?	That's a shocker for me, I would have thought the Clintons or Trump would have made that list.
That's a shocker for me, I would have thought the Clintons or Trump would have made that list.	JFK was the one that stood out for me. I knew he had money but I thought his dad grew up poor. Do you know if that is right?
JFK was the one that stood out for me. I knew he had money but I thought his dad grew up poor. Do you know if that is right?	His dad was poor, but built an empire and placed all his children well. Made lots of enemies along the way and that's probably how JFK was assassinated.
His dad was poor, but built an empire and placed all his children well. Made lots of enemies along the way and that's probably how JFK was assassinated.	I thought I was remembering that correctly. Zimbabwe has president banana and we have president orange. Seems right...
I thought I was remembering that correctly. Zimbabwe has president banana and we have president orange. Seems right...	You know people either love Trump or hate him, there's no in between it seems. Up until 1805 the runnerup in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Could you picture Hillary and Trump trying to run the government together. Too funny!
You know people either love Trump or hate him, there's no in between it seems. Up until 1805 the runnerup in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Could you picture Hillary and Trump trying to run the government together. Too funny!	Oh my gosh. That would be so miserable for both of them. They would get nothing done!
Oh my gosh. That would be so miserable for both of them. They would get nothing done!	It would be more cutthroat than it is now for sure and it's bad enough already. But he's rooting out the moles and weasels and draining that swamp, like he said, so good for him.
It would be more cutthroat than it is now for sure and it's bad enough already. But he's rooting out the moles and weasels and draining that swamp, like he said, so good for him.	If nothing else, he can release 3 pop albums. That would be a good hobby.
If nothing else, he can release 3 pop albums. That would be a good hobby.	Hey, nothing is beyond his ability. It wouldn't shock me a bit. He won't retire like all the other ex presidents and write books and do speeches. People are going to see something different with him.
Hey, nothing is beyond his ability. It wouldn't shock me a bit. He won't retire like all the other ex presidents and write books and do speeches. People are going to see something different with him.	You think so? I think he hates being president and can't wait to be a civilian. Do you think he will just continue the trump empire?
You think so? I think he hates being president and can't wait to be a civilian. Do you think he will just continue the trump empire?	No, I think he's putting the US back on the right track and he's doing so for his kids and his children's kids. He realizes the quagmire that it's become with all the career politicians and lobbyists and he's trying to make it right.
No, I think he's putting the US back on the right track and he's doing so for his kids and his children's kids. He realizes the quagmire that it's become with all the career politicians and lobbyists and he's trying to make it right.	Do you mind the way he does it? I lean more republican, based on being financially conservative, and I do not like how he seems to lie and pervert the truth.
Do you mind the way he does it? I lean more republican, based on being financially conservative, and I do not like how he seems to lie and pervert the truth.	Nah, not a bit. People are so quick to criticize his every move. He don't talk the right way. He just lays it on the line. This is what needs to be done, let's do it. No, we're not going to talk about it for 10 years and then vote. We're going to do something now. Lots of people respond to that. Career Washington doesn't know how to take him, but I can guarantee you, Main Street America, the working man, knows exactly what he's talking about.
Nah, not a bit. People are so quick to criticize his every move. He don't talk the right way. He just lays it on the line. This is what needs to be done, let's do it. No, we're not going to talk about it for 10 years and then vote. We're going to do something now. Lots of people respond to that. Career Washington doesn't know how to take him, but I can guarantee you, Main Street America, the working man, knows exactly what he's talking about.	I appreciate that perspective. I do like how he has tried to eliminate some of the red tape.
I appreciate that perspective. I do like how he has tried to eliminate some of the red tape.	You know, people vote their pocketbooks and poor people don't want a handout, they want to WORK. I truly believe he's working hard to help America. In the end, history will tell the tale. We couldn't have got him at a more critical time.
You know, people vote their pocketbooks and poor people don't want a handout, they want to WORK. I truly believe he's working hard to help America. In the end, history will tell the tale. We couldn't have got him at a more critical time.	He increased my taxes so I am not a huge fan of his right now.
He increased my taxes so I am not a huge fan of his right now.	Hey, thanks for taking one for the team. Us poor people appreciate it. Lol
Hey, thanks for taking one for the team. Us poor people appreciate it. Lol	I would rather not take one at all, I am poor too! I am not on here for the fun of it... Nice chatting with you!
I would rather not take one at all, I am poor too! I am not on here for the fun of it... Nice chatting with you!	Are you a big fan of watching tv?
Are you a big fan of watching tv?	I watch stuff I download on my computer. I dont have cable anymore.
I watch stuff I download on my computer. I dont have cable anymore.	What kind of shows do you like to download?
What kind of shows do you like to download?	We have been rewatching the walking dead lately. How bout you.
We have been rewatching the walking dead lately. How bout you.	I love walking dead. Which is your favorite season?
I love walking dead. Which is your favorite season?	I couldnt pick one. I just love the show.We just binge watched all 9 easons in the lat couple weeks. The show is changing a lot.
I couldnt pick one. I just love the show.We just binge watched all 9 easons in the lat couple weeks. The show is changing a lot.	The first few seasons were my favorite because it provided all the backstory and character development. Who's your favorite character on the show
The first few seasons were my favorite because it provided all the backstory and character development. Who's your favorite character on the show	I guess it would be daryl. Just because he is about the only one left. The one I was saddest to see go was glenn though.
I guess it would be daryl. Just because he is about the only one left. The one I was saddest to see go was glenn though.	Glenn was such a fun character, We lost too many great people to Negan.
Glenn was such a fun character, We lost too many great people to Negan.	Yeah he was a bad dude. I cant tell if he is changing his ways or whats going on with him now though. My wife is in love with negan.
Yeah he was a bad dude. I cant tell if he is changing his ways or whats going on with him now though. My wife is in love with negan.	She probably just likes him because he's in a power position but he'll get knocked off that throne. They are probably just trying to make him seem 'conflicted' so people start to feel bad for him
She probably just likes him because he's in a power position but he'll get knocked off that throne. They are probably just trying to make him seem 'conflicted' so people start to feel bad for him	Have you seen this season. It dont sound like you have.He gets put in the jail at alexandria. He ended up breaking out but went back the next day because he said there was nothing out there for him. Something is going on there. She can have negan too. I got a thing for tara. Lol.
Have you seen this season. It dont sound like you have.He gets put in the jail at alexandria. He ended up breaking out but went back the next day because he said there was nothing out there for him. Something is going on there. She can have negan too. I got a thing for tara. Lol.	Nope I haven't seen it yet. But now that you've got me interested im definitely going to have to catch up on it tonight lol
Nope I haven't seen it yet. But now that you've got me interested im definitely going to have to catch up on it tonight lol	I didnt mean to ruin it for you. Sorry bout that.
I didnt mean to ruin it for you. Sorry bout that.	Lol don't worry you didn't ruin it at all now you've got me interested. Did you know dave chappelle said walking dead was one of his favorite shows.
Lol don't worry you didn't ruin it at all now you've got me interested. Did you know dave chappelle said walking dead was one of his favorite shows.	I didnt know that, but I believe it. It is a great show. Almost as good as game of thrones.
I didnt know that, but I believe it. It is a great show. Almost as good as game of thrones.	Omg don't get me started you're a fan of game of thrones too? Who's your favorite character?
Omg don't get me started you're a fan of game of thrones too? Who's your favorite character?	The dragon queen for sure. She is one awesome character
The dragon queen for sure. She is one awesome character	Hell yea she handles business did you get to watch it form the beginning?
Hell yea she handles business did you get to watch it form the beginning?	Yeah we watched it right before walking dead.
Yeah we watched it right before walking dead.	It is fantastic visually and the storyline
It is fantastic visually and the storyline	Well Ill let you go get caught up on some Walking ddead. Have a good one.
Well Ill let you go get caught up on some Walking ddead. Have a good one.	Thanks doggy have a great day
Thanks doggy have a great day	bye.
bye.	With out going into an hour long tirade let me simply say that where Trump is concerned, I am not a fan.
With out going into an hour long tirade let me simply say that where Trump is concerned, I am not a fan.	Hi, how are you? What bothers you the most about him?
Hi, how are you? What bothers you the most about him?	Too long a list, but mostly his constant lies or over exaggerations of the truth. He appears to have a problem with everybody.
Too long a list, but mostly his constant lies or over exaggerations of the truth. He appears to have a problem with everybody.	Some are saying that despite these problem he will get re-elected because he is steadily improving his game.
Some are saying that despite these problem he will get re-elected because he is steadily improving his game.	Well he is certainly learning to speak better, but most of that is the writers. If he does learn to be more political then He may have a chance.
Well he is certainly learning to speak better, but most of that is the writers. If he does learn to be more political then He may have a chance.	He's not educated the way Woodrow Wilson is, the only president to have a PhD. But Trump is media-savvy, and the age of media, that's enough to get the attention of the public.
He's not educated the way Woodrow Wilson is, the only president to have a PhD. But Trump is media-savvy, and the age of media, that's enough to get the attention of the public.	Yes, people seem to relate being on TV to being somehow smart and worldly. He certainly has been on the tube a lot in, to quote him, " The highest rated show in history".
Yes, people seem to relate being on TV to being somehow smart and worldly. He certainly has been on the tube a lot in, to quote him, " The highest rated show in history".	He proves that there is no bad publicity. Guatemala seems to have a good idea about the presidency. Close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president. That might allow new blood into the race in the US. The bigger problem is money in politics though.
He proves that there is no bad publicity. Guatemala seems to have a good idea about the presidency. Close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president. That might allow new blood into the race in the US. The bigger problem is money in politics though.	Yes, that is a good idea. We've had quite a few intertwined political families around lately. I personally would like to see another party develop, but as you said, money.
Yes, that is a good idea. We've had quite a few intertwined political families around lately. I personally would like to see another party develop, but as you said, money.	I was surprised to find that Trump is not one of the richest three presidents. It's JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Still, Trump is one of the few presidents to be elected while still losing the popular vote.
I was surprised to find that Trump is not one of the richest three presidents. It's JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Still, Trump is one of the few presidents to be elected while still losing the popular vote.	True it hasn't happened often. The outdated electoral college swings elections sometimes. Trump is not as wealthy as he claims, 1.5 billion is the average estimate, still much more than I will ever see. Guess I won't run for office.
True it hasn't happened often. The outdated electoral college swings elections sometimes. Trump is not as wealthy as he claims, 1.5 billion is the average estimate, still much more than I will ever see. Guess I won't run for office.	You could run locally. Many have. Watch Fahrenheit 11-9. Upstarts everywhere, launching campaigns. You probably won't have to filibuster, if elected. Senator Thurmond holds the record for the longest filibuster by a lone senator. 24 hours and 18 minutes nonstop
You could run locally. Many have. Watch Fahrenheit 11-9. Upstarts everywhere, launching campaigns. You probably won't have to filibuster, if elected. Senator Thurmond holds the record for the longest filibuster by a lone senator. 24 hours and 18 minutes nonstop	I could talk for that long, if I could stay awake. I'm interested in who runs in 2020, seems that a lot of Dems are gearing up and quite a few Repubs are giving it thought. Anyone can do it if your have the war chest built up.
I could talk for that long, if I could stay awake. I'm interested in who runs in 2020, seems that a lot of Dems are gearing up and quite a few Repubs are giving it thought. Anyone can do it if your have the war chest built up.	The incumbent usually has a huge advantage. Harry Truman was selected to be the vice president under Roosevelt was because when he ran the senate "Truman Committee", he found so much corruption and waste, he saved the government $10-15 billion. I would love another such VP. Gov't waste is frustrating, especially when social systems are in decline.
The incumbent usually has a huge advantage. Harry Truman was selected to be the vice president under Roosevelt was because when he ran the senate "Truman Committee", he found so much corruption and waste, he saved the government $10-15 billion. I would love another such VP. Gov't waste is frustrating, especially when social systems are in decline.	It is a huge source of anger for many voters. Now the parties are so entrenched that things don't change much regardless of who's elected. In fact Truman might well have been the last effective VP.
It is a huge source of anger for many voters. Now the parties are so entrenched that things don't change much regardless of who's elected. In fact Truman might well have been the last effective VP.	From a field of about 20, I don't know who the Dems will eventually pick. They cannot out-Trump Trump, so they have to find a different tack.
From a field of about 20, I don't know who the Dems will eventually pick. They cannot out-Trump Trump, so they have to find a different tack.	Yes, seems to be quite a few pitching their hats into the ring. Trump's base will not grow however and might even shrink depending how how his battle for a wall turns out. But the best method might be to ignore him altogether.
Yes, seems to be quite a few pitching their hats into the ring. Trump's base will not grow however and might even shrink depending how how his battle for a wall turns out. But the best method might be to ignore him altogether.	Hm. Not sure about that. He was ignored the last time. People predicted that he had no chance. He won by a fluke of the electoral college, and that might be difficult to replicate, but I wouldn't count him out. Too much at stake.
Hm. Not sure about that. He was ignored the last time. People predicted that he had no chance. He won by a fluke of the electoral college, and that might be difficult to replicate, but I wouldn't count him out. Too much at stake.	He will certainly try hard.
He will certainly try hard.	Well, I guess we'll see. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting.
Well, I guess we'll see. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting.	I did also. Have a great day.
I did also. Have a great day.	Bye
Bye	Hi, do you know much about the presidents?
Hi, do you know much about the presidents?	Trump could possibly win a reelection, he has a lot of supporters
Trump could possibly win a reelection, he has a lot of supporters	We will have to wait and see. Did you know he is not on the list of wealthies US presidents?
We will have to wait and see. Did you know he is not on the list of wealthies US presidents?	His not? who is on that list? and why isnt Trump #1 on it
His not? who is on that list? and why isnt Trump #1 on it	well considering inflation the wealthiest are JFK, Jefferson and Washington
well considering inflation the wealthiest are JFK, Jefferson and Washington	Oh so that rank is taking inflation into account, I guess that makes sense, do you like Trump as president?
Oh so that rank is taking inflation into account, I guess that makes sense, do you like Trump as president?	No, I do not agree with his agenda but it is what it is. The president of indonesia on the other hand is a pop star
No, I do not agree with his agenda but it is what it is. The president of indonesia on the other hand is a pop star	Were on the same page then, and is he? is the presiden of Indonesia a faous pop star!!
Were on the same page then, and is he? is the presiden of Indonesia a faous pop star!!	Yeah apparently the guy has already released 3 albums
Yeah apparently the guy has already released 3 albums	Thats so cool, Trump should collaborate with Kanye, they make a great couple and they might even reach platinum
Thats so cool, Trump should collaborate with Kanye, they make a great couple and they might even reach platinum	Yeah well. Did you know the senate had a gavel that lasted for 165 years
Yeah well. Did you know the senate had a gavel that lasted for 165 years	I didnt, although a senator holds the record for the longest filibuster, its of 24 hours and 18 minutes non stop
I didnt, although a senator holds the record for the longest filibuster, its of 24 hours and 18 minutes non stop	Wow. Yeah the gavel was cracked by Nixon. Wonder how angry they were.
Wow. Yeah the gavel was cracked by Nixon. Wonder how angry they were.	It was Nixon, had to be, Michael Jordan didnt endorese a black democratic candidate because that could affect the sales of his shoes
It was Nixon, had to be, Michael Jordan didnt endorese a black democratic candidate because that could affect the sales of his shoes	Talk about a businessman who knows how to maintain his neutrality
Talk about a businessman who knows how to maintain his neutrality	I can respect that, his phrase ''Republicans buy shoes too'' sends a clear message, its good that he doesnt take sides even if its because of personal gain
I can respect that, his phrase ''Republicans buy shoes too'' sends a clear message, its good that he doesnt take sides even if its because of personal gain	Yes that is very true. Did you know women were not allowed to wear pants in the senate floor?
Yes that is very true. Did you know women were not allowed to wear pants in the senate floor?	That is sexist, that rule must be changed, you know that Truman saved the government like 10 to 15 billion dollars!
That is sexist, that rule must be changed, you know that Truman saved the government like 10 to 15 billion dollars!	Well it has changed now because two senators protested by wearing pantsuites
Well it has changed now because two senators protested by wearing pantsuites	Im glad to hear that, so do you watch tv on your free time?
Im glad to hear that, so do you watch tv on your free time?	I actually do from time to time. I like Simpsons a lot so yeah. Nice chat :)
I actually do from time to time. I like Simpsons a lot so yeah. Nice chat :)	Hi, how are you? Do you listen to the radio?
Hi, how are you? Do you listen to the radio?	Hey, I'm great thanks! Yes I do! Did you know that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to play at least 40% Canadian music?
Hey, I'm great thanks! Yes I do! Did you know that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to play at least 40% Canadian music?	That makes sense. Canada has a small market with few of its own artists. They want to make space on the airwaves.
That makes sense. Canada has a small market with few of its own artists. They want to make space on the airwaves.	I agree! I just never knew that. I love free stuff, there's a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.
I agree! I just never knew that. I love free stuff, there's a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.	I wonder who visits that site. Older people? I would expect the younger generation to watch videos.
I wonder who visits that site. Older people? I would expect the younger generation to watch videos.	I'm not all that old, but I would definitely check it out. I bet it was interesting to listen to a show, rather than to watch it. It's a good way to develop the mind and the imagination.
I'm not all that old, but I would definitely check it out. I bet it was interesting to listen to a show, rather than to watch it. It's a good way to develop the mind and the imagination.	It is good for the imagination. They had to be quite creative with voice and sound and music.
It is good for the imagination. They had to be quite creative with voice and sound and music.	Definitely! Technology has come a long way in a short amount of time. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent!
Definitely! Technology has come a long way in a short amount of time. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent!	The ICBM missles are probably running on quite old tech. I guess it's good enough, but I hate for something to break or go wrong.
The ICBM missles are probably running on quite old tech. I guess it's good enough, but I hate for something to break or go wrong.	Me too. We've become so reliant on technology and our cell phones. UNICEF even recognizes that and will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute someone doesn't use their cell phone.
Me too. We've become so reliant on technology and our cell phones. UNICEF even recognizes that and will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute someone doesn't use their cell phone.	How much water actually gets donated? People are addicted to their phones. I figure that people can't stop even to eat, sleep or drive.
How much water actually gets donated? People are addicted to their phones. I figure that people can't stop even to eat, sleep or drive.	It's true, people are totally addicted. I'm not sure how much exactly, but even a gallon is helpful.
It's true, people are totally addicted. I'm not sure how much exactly, but even a gallon is helpful.	True. We should be more aware of the plight of children in other countries. And of our addiction to phones.
True. We should be more aware of the plight of children in other countries. And of our addiction to phones.	We should. Did you know in South Africa it's legal to equip a car with flame throwers to prevent car jacking?
We should. Did you know in South Africa it's legal to equip a car with flame throwers to prevent car jacking?	I know that SA has a problem with car jacking. Flame throwers sound a bit extreme and maybe dangerous to pedestrians.
I know that SA has a problem with car jacking. Flame throwers sound a bit extreme and maybe dangerous to pedestrians.	And to wildlife! But it has to be a dangerous place to live. It took a while for cars to be accepted in Western Europe and other parts of the world. The US rapidly adopted cars to quickly replace animal drawn carts.
And to wildlife! But it has to be a dangerous place to live. It took a while for cars to be accepted in Western Europe and other parts of the world. The US rapidly adopted cars to quickly replace animal drawn carts.	Yes, I figure that the US is the leading car country on the planet. That's good and bad. THe traffic, the pollution. We could use some public transit.
Yes, I figure that the US is the leading car country on the planet. That's good and bad. THe traffic, the pollution. We could use some public transit.	Or some animal drawn carts haha. I would ride a horse to work. Or through a food drive thru. McDonald's added the drive thru in '75 for soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.
Or some animal drawn carts haha. I would ride a horse to work. Or through a food drive thru. McDonald's added the drive thru in '75 for soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars while wearing fatigues.	I thought the drive thru was much older. But I guess that McDs had a lot of soldiers that wanted their food. Anyway, great chat!
I thought the drive thru was much older. But I guess that McDs had a lot of soldiers that wanted their food. Anyway, great chat!	Yes great chat! See ya!
Yes great chat! See ya!	Thanks! Bye
Thanks! Bye	Bye!
Bye!	Do you believe the news media and media in general is biased?
Do you believe the news media and media in general is biased?	You would hope that it is not. If one person had a platform to deliver a biased message, no harm. If a person owns a lot of platforms. Thats dangerous.
You would hope that it is not. If one person had a platform to deliver a biased message, no harm. If a person owns a lot of platforms. Thats dangerous.	That danger is now. Many studies including one by Harvard show that the "news" regarding Trump is 92-95% negative. Hitler would do better. They all feed off each other, it not necessary ownership.
That danger is now. Many studies including one by Harvard show that the "news" regarding Trump is 92-95% negative. Hitler would do better. They all feed off each other, it not necessary ownership.	I would think that if a station was known to be biased, the people would turn away from that station. So this Sinclair group that owns 200 stations. Their popularity would suffer.
I would think that if a station was known to be biased, the people would turn away from that station. So this Sinclair group that owns 200 stations. Their popularity would suffer.	It doesn't seem to work that way. People seem to be gobbling up the lies. I think the FCC should bring back their law to keep local stations local. Then people could rebel locally.
It doesn't seem to work that way. People seem to be gobbling up the lies. I think the FCC should bring back their law to keep local stations local. Then people could rebel locally.	That seems like a wise thing to do. Another thing to do is enforce the FCC rules about how many stations a group can control. Monopolies are bad. Biased monopolies, yikes
That seems like a wise thing to do. Another thing to do is enforce the FCC rules about how many stations a group can control. Monopolies are bad. Biased monopolies, yikes	I agree. It seems like the FCC is in bed with the conglomerates. Smells like corruption. As they say, follow the money.
I agree. It seems like the FCC is in bed with the conglomerates. Smells like corruption. As they say, follow the money.	I am in agreement as well, the chairman of the FCC Ajit Pai seems to be having a detrimental effect on free reporting of the news.
I am in agreement as well, the chairman of the FCC Ajit Pai seems to be having a detrimental effect on free reporting of the news.	I guess Pai's under investigation. Another fruitless investigation no doubt. I sick of investigation that are nothing but excuses for pols to get airtime...
I guess Pai's under investigation. Another fruitless investigation no doubt. I sick of investigation that are nothing but excuses for pols to get airtime...	Do you think that YouTube might have an influence on the corporate biased news. It is a popular platform run by people.
Do you think that YouTube might have an influence on the corporate biased news. It is a popular platform run by people.	Could be... Did you know the three richest US presidents are claimed to be JFK, Washington and Jefferson? I'm skeptical... Where's Trump? How does one compare a horse-drawn carriage to a limo?
Could be... Did you know the three richest US presidents are claimed to be JFK, Washington and Jefferson? I'm skeptical... Where's Trump? How does one compare a horse-drawn carriage to a limo?	Yes, the inflation adjustment seems to be error prone. I do not think Trump is rich. He is poor when the taxes are due, rich when seeking a loan. I think education is important in a president. Woodrwo Wilson had a phd.
Yes, the inflation adjustment seems to be error prone. I do not think Trump is rich. He is poor when the taxes are due, rich when seeking a loan. I think education is important in a president. Woodrwo Wilson had a phd.	If Trump can hide from taxes, more power to him. We are taxed to death without the benefits that should come with taxation at current levels. I didn't know Wilson is the only president with a PhD. I have one so I guess I won't run...
If Trump can hide from taxes, more power to him. We are taxed to death without the benefits that should come with taxation at current levels. I didn't know Wilson is the only president with a PhD. I have one so I guess I won't run...	It is true about Woodrow being the only PhD. I would think many presidents have a Bachelors. Apparently FDR could speak a foreign language. Rare for a president.
It is true about Woodrow being the only PhD. I would think many presidents have a Bachelors. Apparently FDR could speak a foreign language. Rare for a president.	Yes. Did you know some WW I soldiers could make a radio out of pencils and razor blades? I would end up cutting myself...
Yes. Did you know some WW I soldiers could make a radio out of pencils and razor blades? I would end up cutting myself...	I do not understand if a Fox hole radio had a power source. I bet it worked poorly. It took a lot of time. So, radio and TV reach people en mass. You tube does something different.
I do not understand if a Fox hole radio had a power source. I bet it worked poorly. It took a lot of time. So, radio and TV reach people en mass. You tube does something different.	I made crystal radios when I was a kid that didn't use a battery. Radio waves have an inherent power. I bet Jupiter would reach pretty far.
I made crystal radios when I was a kid that didn't use a battery. Radio waves have an inherent power. I bet Jupiter would reach pretty far.	The crystal radio had an ear piece? So, would a fox hole radio need the same. The technology of the radio changed lives and brought us Hanson songs.
The crystal radio had an ear piece? So, would a fox hole radio need the same. The technology of the radio changed lives and brought us Hanson songs.	Oh yeah, Hanson... Speaking of conglomerates, Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in N. America. Video is tough on the collective bandwidth.
Oh yeah, Hanson... Speaking of conglomerates, Netflix and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in N. America. Video is tough on the collective bandwidth.	The secret of bandwidth is we will make more. Ever since the first phone call, band with has increased. I love watching Bob Ross videos.
The secret of bandwidth is we will make more. Ever since the first phone call, band with has increased. I love watching Bob Ross videos.	I wonder when fiber-optics will reach it's limit? Thanks for the chat.
I wonder when fiber-optics will reach it's limit? Thanks for the chat.	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	Yes, I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
Yes, I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD	Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents in the us are?
Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents in the us are?	I have no idea they are ranked that way. Who is it?
I have no idea they are ranked that way. Who is it?	It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington
It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington	Nice. Did you know in Guatemala the relatives of the president cannot run for that position
Nice. Did you know in Guatemala the relatives of the president cannot run for that position	Nice I guess that is one way to combat nepotism and such
Nice I guess that is one way to combat nepotism and such	True. Did you know that Lincoln was the first one to be photographed during inauguration
True. Did you know that Lincoln was the first one to be photographed during inauguration	Nice. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house
Nice. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house	Nice I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room
Nice I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room	True. Do you listen to the radio at all?
True. Do you listen to the radio at all?	Yes I do. Did you hear how a Hanson song became super popular and requested in the radio?
Yes I do. Did you hear how a Hanson song became super popular and requested in the radio?	I have no idea but I know that you can catch Jupiter's storms in the AM radio
I have no idea but I know that you can catch Jupiter's storms in the AM radio	Nice. THe Hanson song became popular because the djs did not reveal the name of the band
Nice. THe Hanson song became popular because the djs did not reveal the name of the band	Nice. Do you ever listen to Canadian radios?
Nice. Do you ever listen to Canadian radios?	Yes sometimes. Do you know the most popular act in the radio in the 30s?
Yes sometimes. Do you know the most popular act in the radio in the 30s?	The canadian radios have to play 40% canadian music as per the law. WHat was it?
The canadian radios have to play 40% canadian music as per the law. WHat was it?	Wow that is a lot. It was actually a contriloquist
Wow that is a lot. It was actually a contriloquist	WOw that is very different. Do you listen to radio dramas?
WOw that is very different. Do you listen to radio dramas?	Yes sometimes but not a lot. There is a radio channel that turns the solar activity into tunes
Yes sometimes but not a lot. There is a radio channel that turns the solar activity into tunes	That sounds really cool. Nice chat!
That sounds really cool. Nice chat!	Do you subscribe to a print newspaper?
Do you subscribe to a print newspaper?	I do not subscribe to a print newspaper, but if I were the person in the first article I am not sure I would receive it anyone since the kid plowed the mailbox over.
I do not subscribe to a print newspaper, but if I were the person in the first article I am not sure I would receive it anyone since the kid plowed the mailbox over.	I agree. I do not subscribe either, but it did remind me of "Dear Abby" advice column of the Chicago Sun-Times. I side a bit with the mom who sent in the question. Perhaps a 50/50 split between son and dad?
I agree. I do not subscribe either, but it did remind me of "Dear Abby" advice column of the Chicago Sun-Times. I side a bit with the mom who sent in the question. Perhaps a 50/50 split between son and dad?	When I was a teenager I hit a neighbors mailbox also. I was the one that had to pay for it, and replace the mailbox. I do agree with the mom in this situation though. Dad shouldn't have been messing around on his phone.
When I was a teenager I hit a neighbors mailbox also. I was the one that had to pay for it, and replace the mailbox. I do agree with the mom in this situation though. Dad shouldn't have been messing around on his phone.	I have never taken out a mailbox. Growing up in the country, we learned with the oldest pickup in a pasture first. Mine was a 3 speed manual transmission with no power steering! But I did scare my grandpa when I almost took out his dog!! Are you a car or pickup person?
I have never taken out a mailbox. Growing up in the country, we learned with the oldest pickup in a pasture first. Mine was a 3 speed manual transmission with no power steering! But I did scare my grandpa when I almost took out his dog!! Are you a car or pickup person?	I own a F-150, I've never been married but I imagine drawing a mustache on your mother in laws face is going to put you in the dog house for a while huh! I'm not sure if you would get it worse from your wife, or your father in law.
I own a F-150, I've never been married but I imagine drawing a mustache on your mother in laws face is going to put you in the dog house for a while huh! I'm not sure if you would get it worse from your wife, or your father in law.	Having a small farm, I am a pickup person too. I'm single as well (never married). But, I too think you are in dangerous territory when you make fun of your mother-in-law. But, they do have a point. I think the father-in-law could have picked a more appropriate time and place to discuss this - not work!
Having a small farm, I am a pickup person too. I'm single as well (never married). But, I too think you are in dangerous territory when you make fun of your mother-in-law. But, they do have a point. I think the father-in-law could have picked a more appropriate time and place to discuss this - not work!	As far as the homophobic Aunt goes, I am not sure what to say. It's a different world now and I guess to each their own. You can't make anyone accept anything and I guess in life you just have to deal with certain issues.
As far as the homophobic Aunt goes, I am not sure what to say. It's a different world now and I guess to each their own. You can't make anyone accept anything and I guess in life you just have to deal with certain issues.	That one is hard to gauge. You can choose your friends but not your relatives! So, do you still use a landline telephone?
That one is hard to gauge. You can choose your friends but not your relatives! So, do you still use a landline telephone?	I have both a landline and smart phone. I still remember the old rotary phone from when I was a kid. Things are a lot different today.
I have both a landline and smart phone. I still remember the old rotary phone from when I was a kid. Things are a lot different today.	Our first phone was a multi-party line. I recently got rid of the landline. Since most people have my cell, the landline was becoming redundant. And smartphones can do much more than just make calls. Did you know that an iPhone has more processing power than an ICBM nuclear missile?
Our first phone was a multi-party line. I recently got rid of the landline. Since most people have my cell, the landline was becoming redundant. And smartphones can do much more than just make calls. Did you know that an iPhone has more processing power than an ICBM nuclear missile?	I was unaware of the iphone fact. Being on a farm do you still have one of the old style radios? I think it would be pretty fun if they still broadcasted radio acts on the air like they used to in the 1930's. They have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, but not sure how interesting that would be.
I was unaware of the iphone fact. Being on a farm do you still have one of the old style radios? I think it would be pretty fun if they still broadcasted radio acts on the air like they used to in the 1930's. They have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, but not sure how interesting that would be.	I have a 1960 John Deere 4020 tractor with the original AM radio in the cab. I do get weather interference, but I have never monitored for Jupiter's radio storms. Did you know that in WW2, soldiers made a simple radio for a razor blade and pencil?
I have a 1960 John Deere 4020 tractor with the original AM radio in the cab. I do get weather interference, but I have never monitored for Jupiter's radio storms. Did you know that in WW2, soldiers made a simple radio for a razor blade and pencil?	No but they called them the greatest generation for a reason. I am watching my neighbor right now warming up his truck outside. Not only is it illegal to warm your car up in Ohio, but it's illegal to do it here in Michigan as well. I've never known anyone to actually get a ticket for doing it though. That would have to be on miserable cop to write that ticket.
No but they called them the greatest generation for a reason. I am watching my neighbor right now warming up his truck outside. Not only is it illegal to warm your car up in Ohio, but it's illegal to do it here in Michigan as well. I've never known anyone to actually get a ticket for doing it though. That would have to be on miserable cop to write that ticket.	That's a strange law - I never heard of that before. In the mindset of soldiers, did you know McDonalds added the drive-thru to accommodate soldiers who could not get our of their cars while wearing fatigues?
That's a strange law - I never heard of that before. In the mindset of soldiers, did you know McDonalds added the drive-thru to accommodate soldiers who could not get our of their cars while wearing fatigues?	This one I've actually heard before. What do you think about these self driving cars that they are pushing for in the future? I don't care for it but what are you going to do. They say Google has an aggressive mode for the cars, but I think they will all be aggressive. And how will they be able to handle weather conditions. Crazy
This one I've actually heard before. What do you think about these self driving cars that they are pushing for in the future? I don't care for it but what are you going to do. They say Google has an aggressive mode for the cars, but I think they will all be aggressive. And how will they be able to handle weather conditions. Crazy	I am a bit apprehensive. Self-driving cars may be able to drive perfectly well. What they have trouble doing is anticipating the "imperfect" human driver they are sharing the road with. That imperfect human who might be on their cell phone while driving!
I am a bit apprehensive. Self-driving cars may be able to drive perfectly well. What they have trouble doing is anticipating the "imperfect" human driver they are sharing the road with. That imperfect human who might be on their cell phone while driving!	Do you have any barns on that farm of yours filled with classic cars? I hear people find a lot of classic cars tucked away in barns with seven inches of dust sitting on them.
Do you have any barns on that farm of yours filled with classic cars? I hear people find a lot of classic cars tucked away in barns with seven inches of dust sitting on them.	Lots or barns, but not much in the way of classic cars. Being in the humid south, they rust away unless looked after. But I did help a friend restore a '39 Buick Hearst. I got the old vacuum tube radio going! Good old scratch AM.
Lots or barns, but not much in the way of classic cars. Being in the humid south, they rust away unless looked after. But I did help a friend restore a '39 Buick Hearst. I got the old vacuum tube radio going! Good old scratch AM.	Alright well it was good talking farms, radios, cars, and trucks with you. Thank you for chatting with me and I guess I will be on my way.
Alright well it was good talking farms, radios, cars, and trucks with you. Thank you for chatting with me and I guess I will be on my way.	Take care. Stay off the phone while driving!
Take care. Stay off the phone while driving!	You bet!
You bet!	Signing off.
Signing off.	Good bye
Good bye	Take care and keep it between the lines.
Take care and keep it between the lines.	hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio?
hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio?	Hi im doing good. how are you? Yeah I listen to it sometimes.
Hi im doing good. how are you? Yeah I listen to it sometimes.	I used to listen to the radio when i was younger. i dont listen much now.
I used to listen to the radio when i was younger. i dont listen much now.	Oh I see, did you ever listen to jupiters storms?
Oh I see, did you ever listen to jupiters storms?	I never have. is that what the kids are into these days? i guess i am getting old.
I never have. is that what the kids are into these days? i guess i am getting old.	No its probably not lol
No its probably not lol	I figure that the music of the suns activity would be more interesting than jupiter storms.
I figure that the music of the suns activity would be more interesting than jupiter storms.	Probably! Maybe it comes out clearer too. Did you know youtube is the second largest search engine?
Probably! Maybe it comes out clearer too. Did you know youtube is the second largest search engine?	Yes, google bought youtube and i think they share search engine technology.
Yes, google bought youtube and i think they share search engine technology.	Yeah, Google is number one, youtube second largest search engine.
Yeah, Google is number one, youtube second largest search engine.	That makes sense. I bet 40% of canadian youtube is not canadian music.
That makes sense. I bet 40% of canadian youtube is not canadian music.	have you ever seen justin biebers " baby" music video?
have you ever seen justin biebers " baby" music video?	no, i am not really into the bieber. have you?
no, i am not really into the bieber. have you?	Im not either, but anyways its the most disliked video on youtube lol
Im not either, but anyways its the most disliked video on youtube lol	I bet there was a good really for the hate on that video. LOL. What is the favorite now, i wonder?
I bet there was a good really for the hate on that video. LOL. What is the favorite now, i wonder?	I dont know, Im guessing one of those cat doing dumb things videos lol
I dont know, Im guessing one of those cat doing dumb things videos lol	Yeah, or gangnam style or some song that the kids are listening to. i listen to old jazz.
Yeah, or gangnam style or some song that the kids are listening to. i listen to old jazz.	Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america lol
Netflix and youtube make up half of peak internet traffic in north america lol	That makes sense. people cannot turn off the video. they are hooked! Anyway, great chat!
That makes sense. people cannot turn off the video. they are hooked! Anyway, great chat!	Good chatting, have a good one.
Good chatting, have a good one.	You too! Have a good weekend!
You too! Have a good weekend!	Thanks you as well.
Thanks you as well.	Hi - Do you like cars?
Hi - Do you like cars?	Yeah. Well I like mine at least. Lol.
Yeah. Well I like mine at least. Lol.	LOL. Did you know the trunk of car came about because older cars used to have wooden trunks?
LOL. Did you know the trunk of car came about because older cars used to have wooden trunks?	I heard that. Can you imagine what that would look like.
I heard that. Can you imagine what that would look like.	I bet it would look very weird to us. Cadillac was actually named after a French explorer.
I bet it would look very weird to us. Cadillac was actually named after a French explorer.	Yeah, his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac
Yeah, his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac	Apparently, he also founded Detroit which is really interesting.
Apparently, he also founded Detroit which is really interesting.	Yeah He sure got around back in the day huh.
Yeah He sure got around back in the day huh.	For sure lol. It is legal in South Africa to equip a flame thrower to a car to prevent carjacking.
For sure lol. It is legal in South Africa to equip a flame thrower to a car to prevent carjacking.	That would surely deter me. Lol.
That would surely deter me. Lol.	Me too lol. Do you know much about telephones?
Me too lol. Do you know much about telephones?	I know that an iphone has more computing power than the us nuclear icbm deterent.
I know that an iphone has more computing power than the us nuclear icbm deterent.	That is a little scary. Hard to believe too.
That is a little scary. Hard to believe too.	Did you know that jupiter has rakio storms.
Did you know that jupiter has rakio storms.	I have heard that before. Hard to believe you can hear the radio storms here on Earth.
I have heard that before. Hard to believe you can hear the radio storms here on Earth.	Yeah I kind of want to find that station and listen to it.
Yeah I kind of want to find that station and listen to it.	That would be really cool. New York's area code of 212 was established because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
That would be really cool. New York's area code of 212 was established because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.	Makes sense to me. Although it doesnt take that long to dial a longer number.
Makes sense to me. Although it doesnt take that long to dial a longer number.	I agree. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
I agree. The cables carrying phone and data lines across the ocean are only 2.7 inches in diameter.	Thats actually pretty amazing. I always picture these huge wire running on the bottom of the ocean
Thats actually pretty amazing. I always picture these huge wire running on the bottom of the ocean	Me too. Well it was great talking to you.
Me too. Well it was great talking to you.	Good afternoon. Do you like cars? I think the 1908 model T was a classic because it was the first car available to everyone!
Good afternoon. Do you like cars? I think the 1908 model T was a classic because it was the first car available to everyone!	I drive a car so I suppose I do. More out of necessity than anything else.
I drive a car so I suppose I do. More out of necessity than anything else.	Yes it definitely gets people from point A to point B. The trunk of the car is called that because old cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back.
Yes it definitely gets people from point A to point B. The trunk of the car is called that because old cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back.	I'm originally from the UK, there it is called the boot, I wonder if they had an old boot strapped to the back before.
I'm originally from the UK, there it is called the boot, I wonder if they had an old boot strapped to the back before.	Oh that's cool. I've been there a few times. Yes that would be funny. The brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer who found Detroit!
Oh that's cool. I've been there a few times. Yes that would be funny. The brand Cadillac was named after the French explorer who found Detroit!	I wonder why they used that name. I guess because he is associated with the city. Cars and Detroit used to go hand in hand, but not so much now.
I wonder why they used that name. I guess because he is associated with the city. Cars and Detroit used to go hand in hand, but not so much now.	Yeah you're right, but now that city is in ruin from what I've heard. it is not like south Africa where it is legal to put flamethrowers on your car.
Yeah you're right, but now that city is in ruin from what I've heard. it is not like south Africa where it is legal to put flamethrowers on your car.	That sounds like a crazy idea, I guess if you want others to get out of your way quickly, or if someone is going too slow in front of you, it might be useful.
That sounds like a crazy idea, I guess if you want others to get out of your way quickly, or if someone is going too slow in front of you, it might be useful.	Yes actually I think it was meant to deter carjacking because that must be a big problem there.
Yes actually I think it was meant to deter carjacking because that must be a big problem there.	Not that I was ever likely to go to South Africa, but that may be another reason for me to avoid it. I don't think I need to ask an advice columnist for that help.
Not that I was ever likely to go to South Africa, but that may be another reason for me to avoid it. I don't think I need to ask an advice columnist for that help.	Yes good call. Do you like it in the drive-through? It was invented in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
Yes good call. Do you like it in the drive-through? It was invented in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.	I like those old fashioned ones where you'd pull up and use a telephone to call your order in.
I like those old fashioned ones where you'd pull up and use a telephone to call your order in.	Oh yeah those are awesome. You can just wait for your food and listen to the radio. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by a.m. radio.
Oh yeah those are awesome. You can just wait for your food and listen to the radio. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by a.m. radio.	I can imagine that after listening to that for a couple of minutes you might want to change the channel, even something in Latin sounds better than that.
I can imagine that after listening to that for a couple of minutes you might want to change the channel, even something in Latin sounds better than that.	Ha ha yes I agree. In Canada all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
Ha ha yes I agree. In Canada all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.	Hopefully they have enough music up there to keep it interesting. Might get a little repetitive.
Hopefully they have enough music up there to keep it interesting. Might get a little repetitive.	Yes I agree. Isn't it interesting that soldiers in World War II made a radio using just the razor blade and a pencil?
Yes I agree. Isn't it interesting that soldiers in World War II made a radio using just the razor blade and a pencil?	More inventive that I'd ever be. I suppose they were trying to stay in touch with those storms on Jupiter.
More inventive that I'd ever be. I suppose they were trying to stay in touch with those storms on Jupiter.	Yes probably so LOL. Do you like radio dramas? There's a website where you can listen to thousands for free.
Yes probably so LOL. Do you like radio dramas? There's a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I think I prefer my dramas on TV, if they are free maybe I'll give it a go. I might be missing out on something.
I think I prefer my dramas on TV, if they are free maybe I'll give it a go. I might be missing out on something.	Yes they can be a little boring I think. You can also try your luck at listening to a Finland radio station that broadcasts entirely in Latin! Well it was great chatting with you today.
Yes they can be a little boring I think. You can also try your luck at listening to a Finland radio station that broadcasts entirely in Latin! Well it was great chatting with you today.	You too have a good day.
You too have a good day.	Bye!
Bye!	hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?
hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?	I do. I find radio fascinating. Its crazy how long ago they figured out the technology to use radio waves to transmit information.
I do. I find radio fascinating. Its crazy how long ago they figured out the technology to use radio waves to transmit information.	i think that was tesla. he really was quite clever. now radio is not as popular as it used to be.
i think that was tesla. he really was quite clever. now radio is not as popular as it used to be.	Yea its a shame really. I also read that there are radio storms on the Planet Jupiter.
Yea its a shame really. I also read that there are radio storms on the Planet Jupiter.	I wonder how hard it is to tune into those storms. i know that you can listen to solar activity with your radio.
I wonder how hard it is to tune into those storms. i know that you can listen to solar activity with your radio.	That is wild. I also saw that WWII soldiers made radios using items like razor blades and pencils. That is quite ingenious.
That is wild. I also saw that WWII soldiers made radios using items like razor blades and pencils. That is quite ingenious.	it is. i guess people get innovative in a foxhole. i wonder what they listened to.
it is. i guess people get innovative in a foxhole. i wonder what they listened to.	I guess news about the war? I have no idea really, but would love to know. They even called them foxhole radios.
I guess news about the war? I have no idea really, but would love to know. They even called them foxhole radios.	I guess they could listen to the enemy. Probably not to the news in Latin though. LOL
I guess they could listen to the enemy. Probably not to the news in Latin though. LOL	Thats true. Radio stations in Canada have a law about radio. It states they must have at least 40% canadian music. I find that a little strange.
Thats true. Radio stations in Canada have a law about radio. It states they must have at least 40% canadian music. I find that a little strange.	i think the govt wants to protect the home talent. the us has alot of bands. it is easy to dominate the canadian market.
i think the govt wants to protect the home talent. the us has alot of bands. it is easy to dominate the canadian market.	I think its pretty cool. Are you a Youtube user? I only really watch stuff on there though.
I think its pretty cool. Are you a Youtube user? I only really watch stuff on there though.	i do watch youtube. i like to listen to old tunes and maybe catch up on documentaries.
i do watch youtube. i like to listen to old tunes and maybe catch up on documentaries.	I find myself keeping up with news on there. All the major channels like CBS and BBC post there.
I find myself keeping up with news on there. All the major channels like CBS and BBC post there.	ok, that makes sense. it is convenient but it is also addictive. just like watching infinite tv.
ok, that makes sense. it is convenient but it is also addictive. just like watching infinite tv.	I feel the same way. Just going through videos. Youtube along with Netflix makes upmost of peak internet traffic in the States.
I feel the same way. Just going through videos. Youtube along with Netflix makes upmost of peak internet traffic in the States.	i am responsible for a large part of that too, im afraid, LOL. I need to find time away from the screen. it is really bad for my health.
i am responsible for a large part of that too, im afraid, LOL. I need to find time away from the screen. it is really bad for my health.	I am also part of it but there are just so many interesting content creators on Youtube. There is more than 400 hours uploaded each minute. That is insane.
I am also part of it but there are just so many interesting content creators on Youtube. There is more than 400 hours uploaded each minute. That is insane.	Amazing. so much video. it is insane. if youtube went down, what would people do? LOL anyway, great chat!
Amazing. so much video. it is insane. if youtube went down, what would people do? LOL anyway, great chat!	I dont know. I find lots of music on there too. I would be so bored. Have a good one.
I dont know. I find lots of music on there too. I would be so bored. Have a good one.	You too! have a great day.
You too! have a great day.	Thanks. I think Ill go enjoy some Youtube.
Thanks. I think Ill go enjoy some Youtube.	That is a great idea!
That is a great idea!	Maybe Ill check out this Police channel called blutube.
Maybe Ill check out this Police channel called blutube.	Ok. Enjoy!
Ok. Enjoy!	Thanks you too.
Thanks you too.	Bye!
Bye!	See you later
See you later	Hi, Do you like movies and dramas?
Hi, Do you like movies and dramas?	Hello there, yes, I am a big movie fan not so much dancing though. How about yourself?
Hello there, yes, I am a big movie fan not so much dancing though. How about yourself?	I am crazy about movies. I like horror movies. specially conjuring movie.
I am crazy about movies. I like horror movies. specially conjuring movie.	Yeah those movies are pretty good. Do you listen to the radio much these days?
Yeah those movies are pretty good. Do you listen to the radio much these days?	Not much. But sometimes i listen the radio.
Not much. But sometimes i listen the radio.	I found a really good local station that I really like. Did you hear about the Canadian law?
I found a really good local station that I really like. Did you hear about the Canadian law?	The canadian legal sysstem has its foundation in the english common law system, inherited from being a former colony of the united kingdom and later a commonwealth ream member of the commonwealth of nations.
The canadian legal sysstem has its foundation in the english common law system, inherited from being a former colony of the united kingdom and later a commonwealth ream member of the commonwealth of nations.	Yes that is true, no I'm saying the Canadian law about radio?
Yes that is true, no I'm saying the Canadian law about radio?	Okay, I think it was art of canada.
Okay, I think it was art of canada.	I guess at least 40% of the music they play on Canadian radio has to be Canadian.
I guess at least 40% of the music they play on Canadian radio has to be Canadian.	I don't know. Because some times only i hear the radios.
I don't know. Because some times only i hear the radios.	Yeah I don't think I would like it but I bet the Canadian bands sure do.
Yeah I don't think I would like it but I bet the Canadian bands sure do.	I like rock bands. rush and nickelback are awesome.
I like rock bands. rush and nickelback are awesome.	Yeah Rush is a good band, they still play a lot of their songs on the radio.
Yeah Rush is a good band, they still play a lot of their songs on the radio.	Yeah, that's a great news. You like cooking?
Yeah, that's a great news. You like cooking?	Yeah I do like to cook quite a bit, how about you?
Yeah I do like to cook quite a bit, how about you?	I love cooking. My favorite chef is Anna Olson. She was great.
I love cooking. My favorite chef is Anna Olson. She was great.	I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out sometimes. Do they ever do shows on the radio?
I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out sometimes. Do they ever do shows on the radio?	No, He was not do the radio shows.
No, He was not do the radio shows.	That's too bad, I wonder what a radio cooking show would sound like anyways.
That's too bad, I wonder what a radio cooking show would sound like anyways.	Do you know the great wall in china.?
Do you know the great wall in china.?	Yeah I know it, but have never been. I think it would be fun to visit though. It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day.
Yeah I know it, but have never been. I think it would be fun to visit though. It was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good day.	Hey there do you drive a car? I use mine almost everyday
Hey there do you drive a car? I use mine almost everyday	Hello, yes I drive a car.
Hello, yes I drive a car.	Yep me too. I also use a drive through a lot. Apparently they were designed back in 1975
Yep me too. I also use a drive through a lot. Apparently they were designed back in 1975	Yeah the drive thru was a great invention, to think it was created for soldiers and now everyone can enjoy it.
Yeah the drive thru was a great invention, to think it was created for soldiers and now everyone can enjoy it.	Yep that was really nice of McDonald's to do that. Do you know the story behind the trunk of your car?
Yep that was really nice of McDonald's to do that. Do you know the story behind the trunk of your car?	Has something to do with when people use to carrying around trunks. Those things were ridiculously heavy, I cant imagine traveling with trunks lol
Has something to do with when people use to carrying around trunks. Those things were ridiculously heavy, I cant imagine traveling with trunks lol	LOL yep it was wooden trunks. They would put them on the back of cars. And I guess the name just stuck
LOL yep it was wooden trunks. They would put them on the back of cars. And I guess the name just stuck	Yeah I guess that makes sense. I think its funny they have to ban people from equipping their car with flame throwers in south africa.
Yeah I guess that makes sense. I think its funny they have to ban people from equipping their car with flame throwers in south africa.	Haha that sounds awesome. I could use that to defrost my driveway right now LOL did you ever play the video game Gran Turismo by the way?
Haha that sounds awesome. I could use that to defrost my driveway right now LOL did you ever play the video game Gran Turismo by the way?	Yeah I think if they can make a flame thrower attached to a car safe, it could be better used in places with snow.
Yeah I think if they can make a flame thrower attached to a car safe, it could be better used in places with snow.	LOL or you could take on picnics and use it to make your food. did you know that Karl Benz created the car? He did it back in 1886
LOL or you could take on picnics and use it to make your food. did you know that Karl Benz created the car? He did it back in 1886	wow that is awhile ago, thats pretty amazing.
wow that is awhile ago, thats pretty amazing.	Yep the car has been around for a long time. Even the Model T started in 1908. It was created by Ford and the car definitely replaced carriages and horses
Yep the car has been around for a long time. Even the Model T started in 1908. It was created by Ford and the car definitely replaced carriages and horses	Thank goodness for that!!! I cant imagine having to commute on a horse lol
Thank goodness for that!!! I cant imagine having to commute on a horse lol	Nope that would be absolutely terrible especially in the snow haha. Do you ever listen to the radio by the way?
Nope that would be absolutely terrible especially in the snow haha. Do you ever listen to the radio by the way?	Yeah I used to listen to it all the time, not much anymore I usually do audible or pandora, how about you?
Yeah I used to listen to it all the time, not much anymore I usually do audible or pandora, how about you?	Yep I mostly listen to you to myself. Sometimes Pandora or Spotify though. I would never listen to Canadian radio. You need 40% of the music to be of Canadian origin. I can't think of any good Canadian music haha
Yep I mostly listen to you to myself. Sometimes Pandora or Spotify though. I would never listen to Canadian radio. You need 40% of the music to be of Canadian origin. I can't think of any good Canadian music haha	That is a lot of canadian music lol I cant think of good canadian music either, I hope for there sake it doesnt consist of a bunch of justin bieber.
That is a lot of canadian music lol I cant think of good canadian music either, I hope for there sake it doesnt consist of a bunch of justin bieber.	Haha yep Justin Bieber and Celine Dion LOL. I would rather listen to the classical Latin station from Finland LOL
Haha yep Justin Bieber and Celine Dion LOL. I would rather listen to the classical Latin station from Finland LOL	Oh, do you speak latin?
Oh, do you speak latin?	No I don't. But it sounds better than listening to Justin Bieber LOL what about you do you speak Latin?
No I don't. But it sounds better than listening to Justin Bieber LOL what about you do you speak Latin?	Hi, do you drive?
Hi, do you drive?	I do not drive. I have a phobia.
I do not drive. I have a phobia.	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. In my state, it's a requirement to drive everywhere (everything is just too far), but anyways did you know that McDonald's added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. In my state, it's a requirement to drive everywhere (everything is just too far), but anyways did you know that McDonald's added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues?	You have to drive? Scary. I would faint. The drive thru sounds comforting for those who need a meal in times of hunger.
You have to drive? Scary. I would faint. The drive thru sounds comforting for those who need a meal in times of hunger.	Yeah, I was scared too when I started driving at first, but after a while, I got used to it. At any rate, do you use a telephone?
Yeah, I was scared too when I started driving at first, but after a while, I got used to it. At any rate, do you use a telephone?	Phones are not a good substitute for a vehicle, but they help me get around.
Phones are not a good substitute for a vehicle, but they help me get around.	Yeah, that is true. Did you know that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
Yeah, that is true. Did you know that New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?	That makes sense. New York has always prided itself on itself.
That makes sense. New York has always prided itself on itself.	Yeah, and surprisingly enough, it is said that when you have two phonebooks whose pages are overlapped that it is impossible to separate them.
Yeah, and surprisingly enough, it is said that when you have two phonebooks whose pages are overlapped that it is impossible to separate them.	Even with powerful machines like monster trucks from the monster truck rally?
Even with powerful machines like monster trucks from the monster truck rally?	Well, I'm not sure about that, but I would imagine that it's quite difficult. It's also interesting that the cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
Well, I'm not sure about that, but I would imagine that it's quite difficult. It's also interesting that the cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.	There are no beasties down there to disturb the cables in their gentle slumber. They do their jobs unmolested. That's great!
There are no beasties down there to disturb the cables in their gentle slumber. They do their jobs unmolested. That's great!	Yeah, very true haha. It's also quite surprising that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.
Yeah, very true haha. It's also quite surprising that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent.	The ICBM is woefully out of date. They need to add some iPhone to the missiles with the latest apps like Angry Birds. The Russians are ahead of us there.
The ICBM is woefully out of date. They need to add some iPhone to the missiles with the latest apps like Angry Birds. The Russians are ahead of us there.	Yeah, I guess you're right about that, but anyways I was just wondering, do you listen to radio by any chance? I heard that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
Yeah, I guess you're right about that, but anyways I was just wondering, do you listen to radio by any chance? I heard that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	I used to listen to the radio, but then I started hearing things on it, so I turned it off.
I used to listen to the radio, but then I started hearing things on it, so I turned it off.	Oh, I see. Yeah, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving, but anyways did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?
Oh, I see. Yeah, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving, but anyways did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio?	Is that what the kids are doing these days? listening to storms on Jupiter? In my day we listened to the sun. I guess that just isn't "cool" enough for kids.
Is that what the kids are doing these days? listening to storms on Jupiter? In my day we listened to the sun. I guess that just isn't "cool" enough for kids.	Yeah, I guess times change. It's kind of funny because there was a time when soldiers made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
Yeah, I guess times change. It's kind of funny because there was a time when soldiers made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.	I guess soldiers in foxholes didnt have much else to do but pray and make radios.
I guess soldiers in foxholes didnt have much else to do but pray and make radios.	Yeah, I guess you're right. Well, it was nice talking to you. I don't see a "Done" button anywhere, do you?
Yeah, I guess you're right. Well, it was nice talking to you. I don't see a "Done" button anywhere, do you?	Just look below the text entry box. It will be active now.
Just look below the text entry box. It will be active now.	Ok thanks!
Ok thanks!	Do you own a car?
Do you own a car?	We do own a car, I have to drive the kids here, there and everywhere.
We do own a car, I have to drive the kids here, there and everywhere.	likewise, I love my car. I wish it was a cadillac, how you heard what that car is named after?
likewise, I love my car. I wish it was a cadillac, how you heard what that car is named after?	I do not, Mr Cadillac I assume, is that not the case? I'm know very little about cars other than how to operate them
I do not, Mr Cadillac I assume, is that not the case? I'm know very little about cars other than how to operate them	lol Mr Cadillac sounds a little better. It was named after Antoine de la moth cadillac, who founded Detroit
lol Mr Cadillac sounds a little better. It was named after Antoine de la moth cadillac, who founded Detroit	Founded a city and has a famous car named after him, he must have done a lot in his lifetime. I'll have to look him up later.
Founded a city and has a famous car named after him, he must have done a lot in his lifetime. I'll have to look him up later.	right, he was some French Explorer. You don't have a flame thrower on your car do you?
right, he was some French Explorer. You don't have a flame thrower on your car do you?	No, I didn't realize that was an option at the dealership. Is it something you get added retroactively?
No, I didn't realize that was an option at the dealership. Is it something you get added retroactively?	Lol, apparently in South Africa you can equip your car with one, to defer carjackings
Lol, apparently in South Africa you can equip your car with one, to defer carjackings	I could see that working, frankly it would deter everyone. It would be useful here in the north east in clearing snow. it would also give the kids and I something to talk about in the car, I feel they never want to chat.
I could see that working, frankly it would deter everyone. It would be useful here in the north east in clearing snow. it would also give the kids and I something to talk about in the car, I feel they never want to chat.	For sure and warming up my cold car lol. For sure, get them off the cellphones lol
For sure and warming up my cold car lol. For sure, get them off the cellphones lol	As yet my kids don't have them, still a little young. I try to talk to them but the respond with one word answers, and act as if they would prefer silence.
As yet my kids don't have them, still a little young. I try to talk to them but the respond with one word answers, and act as if they would prefer silence.	Nice I have a kid also and she won't be getting a phone for a while. Especially knowing how powerful an iphone is
Nice I have a kid also and she won't be getting a phone for a while. Especially knowing how powerful an iphone is	The kids don't realize what they have in their hands. Compared to the space mission the iphone is exponentially more powerful. Probably just as well that don't know, who knows what they would do with it.
The kids don't realize what they have in their hands. Compared to the space mission the iphone is exponentially more powerful. Probably just as well that don't know, who knows what they would do with it.	I agree. The iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm detterent. So much power!
I agree. The iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm detterent. So much power!	Yet they are used for selfies and posting to Facebook. I'm kind of old fashioned, I still listen to good old radio.
Yet they are used for selfies and posting to Facebook. I'm kind of old fashioned, I still listen to good old radio.	Me too, my phone sits in my pocket on car rides, nothing better than someone picking music for you!
Me too, my phone sits in my pocket on car rides, nothing better than someone picking music for you!	I also still put CD's into the car to listen to, as yet the kids don't have their own musical tastes. I know one day I'll have to listen to what they want.
I also still put CD's into the car to listen to, as yet the kids don't have their own musical tastes. I know one day I'll have to listen to what they want.	I used to all the time also lol. My new car doesn't have that capability though, smart though! It was so nice chatting with you!
I used to all the time also lol. My new car doesn't have that capability though, smart though! It was so nice chatting with you!	We have to part already, and I've not even mentioned the fact about how car trunks got their name.
We have to part already, and I've not even mentioned the fact about how car trunks got their name.	We can end on that one lol. How did they get that name?
We can end on that one lol. How did they get that name?	They used to tie wooden trunks to the back of the cars, how about that. Goodbye.
They used to tie wooden trunks to the back of the cars, how about that. Goodbye.	Wow, lol, I would have never guessed that, makes so much sense though! Have a great night!
Wow, lol, I would have never guessed that, makes so much sense though! Have a great night!	Have you ever had to call New York using a rotary phone?
Have you ever had to call New York using a rotary phone?	No I have actually never had to call someone in New York before. Come to think of it I have never used a rotaryphone. It's amazing to think that the inventor of the dial telephone was convinced phone operators routed his calls to rival businesses!
No I have actually never had to call someone in New York before. Come to think of it I have never used a rotaryphone. It's amazing to think that the inventor of the dial telephone was convinced phone operators routed his calls to rival businesses!	Hilarious. Well an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
Hilarious. Well an iphone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Wow, it is so mind blowing how powerful our technology is these days! One thing that surprised me is that there is no relationship between cell phone connection quality and the "bars of service". Isn't that odd?
Wow, it is so mind blowing how powerful our technology is these days! One thing that surprised me is that there is no relationship between cell phone connection quality and the "bars of service". Isn't that odd?	Interesting. What is the relationship? I've never heard of this.
Interesting. What is the relationship? I've never heard of this.	Yeah I always thought the bars at the top of the phone indicated the cell signal quality and therefore cell reception but I guess not. Apparently dolphins are able to communicate with each other over the phone too. Pretty cool.
Yeah I always thought the bars at the top of the phone indicated the cell signal quality and therefore cell reception but I guess not. Apparently dolphins are able to communicate with each other over the phone too. Pretty cool.	Wow, I didn't know that. Did you know it is legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flame-thrower?
Wow, I didn't know that. Did you know it is legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flame-thrower?	haha no I did not no that-what a crazy site that would be to see! Another weird fact is that it is illegal to warm up your car in Ohio-what an odd law!
haha no I did not no that-what a crazy site that would be to see! Another weird fact is that it is illegal to warm up your car in Ohio-what an odd law!	Really? I've never heard of this. Why?
Really? I've never heard of this. Why?	No idea maybe because when people warm up their cars and then go back inside the cars commonly get stolen. It is interesting how things vary by country. For example in India, the horns have to be very durable because they are used so often. I barely ever use my horn!
No idea maybe because when people warm up their cars and then go back inside the cars commonly get stolen. It is interesting how things vary by country. For example in India, the horns have to be very durable because they are used so often. I barely ever use my horn!	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Do you listen to AM radio?
Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Do you listen to AM radio?	Rarely. What about you? I am more into FM. Do you know the band Hanson? They sang MMmbop. One time their song was the most requested song on a station in Chicago because the djs didn't reveal the band name!
Rarely. What about you? I am more into FM. Do you know the band Hanson? They sang MMmbop. One time their song was the most requested song on a station in Chicago because the djs didn't reveal the band name!	Interesting. Or was it because in Canada they require 40% of the music being played to be Canadian?
Interesting. Or was it because in Canada they require 40% of the music being played to be Canadian?	Wow that is an interesting requirement. The radio was very popular in the past but not so much anymore. There is even a station that translates solar activity into sound so you can listen live to the suns music. Would you listen?
Wow that is an interesting requirement. The radio was very popular in the past but not so much anymore. There is even a station that translates solar activity into sound so you can listen live to the suns music. Would you listen?	Yeah, I would listen to that, but I thought it was for Jupiter?
Yeah, I would listen to that, but I thought it was for Jupiter?	Oh interesting. Not sure. It would be fun to listen to both. Did you know one of the top radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist? That is hard to for me to imagine because it doesn't seem like that would be entertaining!
Oh interesting. Not sure. It would be fun to listen to both. Did you know one of the top radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist? That is hard to for me to imagine because it doesn't seem like that would be entertaining!	No, which one was it? Soldiers used to listen to the radio using a razorblade and pencil.
No, which one was it? Soldiers used to listen to the radio using a razorblade and pencil.	Oh wow that is hard to believe-those soldiers must have been so smart to set that up! I am also a fan of Bill Murray and he voiced the human torch in the Fantastic 4 radio show!
Oh wow that is hard to believe-those soldiers must have been so smart to set that up! I am also a fan of Bill Murray and he voiced the human torch in the Fantastic 4 radio show!	Yeah, he was great in the movie Groundhog day. Did you see it?
Yeah, he was great in the movie Groundhog day. Did you see it?	I don't think I ever saw Groundhog Day but I will have to add it to my list of movies I need to watch! I wonder how many radio shows Bill Murray has done in his lifetime. Probably doesn't compare to Bing Crosby -in 1948 his recordings filled over half of all the radio time!
I don't think I ever saw Groundhog Day but I will have to add it to my list of movies I need to watch! I wonder how many radio shows Bill Murray has done in his lifetime. Probably doesn't compare to Bing Crosby -in 1948 his recordings filled over half of all the radio time!	Yeah, I would agree with that. Bing Was Great. You won't be hearing him on Canadian Radio though!
Yeah, I would agree with that. Bing Was Great. You won't be hearing him on Canadian Radio though!	do you like cars?
do you like cars?	Love cars. DO you know who invented the drive thru?
Love cars. DO you know who invented the drive thru?	Yes that was McDonald's back in 1975
Yes that was McDonald's back in 1975	Yes and do you know why they did that?
Yes and do you know why they did that?	Because soldiers were not allowed out of their cars in fatigues
Because soldiers were not allowed out of their cars in fatigues	Yes that was nice of them to accommodate them and also was good for business
Yes that was nice of them to accommodate them and also was good for business	Yeah true. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?
Yeah true. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?	Because old cars used to have wooden trunks
Because old cars used to have wooden trunks	Yeah. Do you know how Cadillac got its name?
Yeah. Do you know how Cadillac got its name?	Yes after the founder of Detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac
Yes after the founder of Detroit, de la Mothe Cadillac	Yeah. Do you know how Mardenboriugh became a professional driver?
Yeah. Do you know how Mardenboriugh became a professional driver?	Yes he beat 90 000 people in gran turismo
Yes he beat 90 000 people in gran turismo	Yeah so cool. DO you use your phone much?
Yeah so cool. DO you use your phone much?	Yes all the time. Do you know why NY area code is 212?
Yes all the time. Do you know why NY area code is 212?	Yes because it was easy to dial on a rotary phone
Yes because it was easy to dial on a rotary phone	Yes . Do you ever use a phone book?
Yes . Do you ever use a phone book?	No but I hear that if two of them get stuck together, there is no separating them
No but I hear that if two of them get stuck together, there is no separating them	Yeah pretty cool. Do you know how wide are the phone cables?
Yeah pretty cool. Do you know how wide are the phone cables?	Yes they are just 2.7 inches and they lay on the bottom of the ocean floor
Yes they are just 2.7 inches and they lay on the bottom of the ocean floor	Yeah I wonder how they do not get tangled with the animals there
Yeah I wonder how they do not get tangled with the animals there	Good point actually. Nice chatting with you
Good point actually. Nice chatting with you	Hello!
Hello!	Hi there, are you a big car person?
Hi there, are you a big car person?	I am average knowledge about cars, I like older cars a lot how about you?
I am average knowledge about cars, I like older cars a lot how about you?	Yeah I think older cars are so cool. And no, not too much.
Yeah I think older cars are so cool. And no, not too much.	I love the old Mustangs, back in my day those where the cool cars lol
I love the old Mustangs, back in my day those where the cool cars lol	Yeah the old ones are really cool. I remember my friend buying an old corvette.
Yeah the old ones are really cool. I remember my friend buying an old corvette.	Corvettes are nice too, the older cars were built to last. I have a Honda now and it's pretty good.
Corvettes are nice too, the older cars were built to last. I have a Honda now and it's pretty good.	Yeah Hondas are quality cars, they are definitely made to last.
Yeah Hondas are quality cars, they are definitely made to last.	Yes, had pretty good luck so far....funny how the Cadillac was named after a french explorer lol where do they come up with the names of cars lol
Yes, had pretty good luck so far....funny how the Cadillac was named after a french explorer lol where do they come up with the names of cars lol	That is an interesting fact. Do you listen to the radio much?
That is an interesting fact. Do you listen to the radio much?	I love the radio....while driving I listen all the time.
I love the radio....while driving I listen all the time.	Yeah me too, I love our local station here. Did you know that Canadian stations have to play 40% Canadian music by law?
Yeah me too, I love our local station here. Did you know that Canadian stations have to play 40% Canadian music by law?	Wow, that is interesting! I love how you can find every genre on the radio to listen to, even classical latin.
Wow, that is interesting! I love how you can find every genre on the radio to listen to, even classical latin.	Yeah I like that too. I guess there is a website where you can listen to classical dramas for free.
Yeah I like that too. I guess there is a website where you can listen to classical dramas for free.	I heard about that! Nice! Funny how soldiers in WWII made radios with a razorblade and pencil as the diode...interesting!
I heard about that! Nice! Funny how soldiers in WWII made radios with a razorblade and pencil as the diode...interesting!	Wow! That is very interesting, I have never heard that before.
Wow! That is very interesting, I have never heard that before.	I hadn't either! Radios have given us a lot of communication and entertainment
I hadn't either! Radios have given us a lot of communication and entertainment	Yes they have, and have played an important part in many people's lives.
Yes they have, and have played an important part in many people's lives.	Very true! I found out that on am radio there is a station that can pick up radio storms from Jupiter! That's strange!
Very true! I found out that on am radio there is a station that can pick up radio storms from Jupiter! That's strange!	That is so far away, that is an awesome fact!
That is so far away, that is an awesome fact!	Right!? crazy!
Right!? crazy!	Very crazy, well it was nice talking with you, take care.
Very crazy, well it was nice talking with you, take care.	Fun fact: the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I'm skeptical, how to you compare a horse to a limo?
Fun fact: the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I'm skeptical, how to you compare a horse to a limo?	And they accomplished that without releasing 3 pop albums while in office like inodesias president.
And they accomplished that without releasing 3 pop albums while in office like inodesias president.	Not that we know of... I can see JFK pulling it off. The question is if any of them had nicknames like "banana".
Not that we know of... I can see JFK pulling it off. The question is if any of them had nicknames like "banana".	That wouldnt be a bad name for a pop artist. Must have been interesting to lose an election and become the vice president. Would you trust your vice president not to kill you?
That wouldnt be a bad name for a pop artist. Must have been interesting to lose an election and become the vice president. Would you trust your vice president not to kill you?	No, if it was Trump and Hillary. Funny that the White House's guest house is bigger than the White House.
No, if it was Trump and Hillary. Funny that the White House's guest house is bigger than the White House.	haha that would be hillarious Trump and Hillary. Yea not sure how guest house being bigger than the white house works.
haha that would be hillarious Trump and Hillary. Yea not sure how guest house being bigger than the white house works.	They must have wild parties there. Or maybe a large Japanese delegation watching all 750 episodes of Pokemon.
They must have wild parties there. Or maybe a large Japanese delegation watching all 750 episodes of Pokemon.	Thats a lot of pokemon. Its crazy to believe in the simpsons there is only one episode that bart is neither mentioned or shown.
Thats a lot of pokemon. Its crazy to believe in the simpsons there is only one episode that bart is neither mentioned or shown.	It's OK with me, my favorite is Homer. I sort of liked the 70's Show but it bombed in the UK after only 10 episodes.
It's OK with me, my favorite is Homer. I sort of liked the 70's Show but it bombed in the UK after only 10 episodes.	That is nuts. That 70s show was great.
That is nuts. That 70s show was great.	It must not have translated well culturally. I wonder if Thomas the Tank Engine went over well in the UK?
It must not have translated well culturally. I wonder if Thomas the Tank Engine went over well in the UK?	Im not sure but with some of those big names like ringo starr and alec baldwin narrating thomas the tank for at least 52 episodes each is pretty good.
Im not sure but with some of those big names like ringo starr and alec baldwin narrating thomas the tank for at least 52 episodes each is pretty good.	In the UK they could use Mich Jagger and Michael Caine... Do you like piano music? I miss Freddie Mercury...
In the UK they could use Mich Jagger and Michael Caine... Do you like piano music? I miss Freddie Mercury...	I like the piano. I like the idea bbc had in not reporting the news and broadcasting piano music instead. I think we could all use that instead of the news at times.
I like the piano. I like the idea bbc had in not reporting the news and broadcasting piano music instead. I think we could all use that instead of the news at times.	Particularly today's political and biased news... Wow, the Hindenberg has an aluminum piano that weighed only 356 lbs. I wonder how it sounded?
Particularly today's political and biased news... Wow, the Hindenberg has an aluminum piano that weighed only 356 lbs. I wonder how it sounded?	That is a light piano, probably the kind they used to put in britains highest mountain.
That is a light piano, probably the kind they used to put in britains highest mountain.	Maybe they moved the piano that Mercury used and McCarthy used to record Hey Jude.
Maybe they moved the piano that Mercury used and McCarthy used to record Hey Jude.	that was a very special piano to have had 2 great hits reccorded on it.
that was a very special piano to have had 2 great hits reccorded on it.	For sure... I wonder what the song that is used to stress test pianos sounds like? Flight of the Bumble Bee?
For sure... I wonder what the song that is used to stress test pianos sounds like? Flight of the Bumble Bee?	I dont know but it must be crazy if it is not remotely playable by humans.
I dont know but it must be crazy if it is not remotely playable by humans.	I was talking about the song "Flight of the Bumble Bee." It is usually done on a violin. Thanks for the chat!
I was talking about the song "Flight of the Bumble Bee." It is usually done on a violin. Thanks for the chat!	cool, likewise.
cool, likewise.	Did you know that up until 1805, the runner-up to President of the US became the Veep?
Did you know that up until 1805, the runner-up to President of the US became the Veep?	Yeah, i wish that was still a thing. The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
Yeah, i wish that was still a thing. The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana	HA-HA! I saw that the item sold most often at WalMart was a banana.
HA-HA! I saw that the item sold most often at WalMart was a banana.	wow! lol The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
wow! lol The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office	If our second place finisher was Veep, that would be Hillary. That would greatly increase the desire to impeach even if no crime has been done. I guess it's easy to release an album on the internet nowadays.
If our second place finisher was Veep, that would be Hillary. That would greatly increase the desire to impeach even if no crime has been done. I guess it's easy to release an album on the internet nowadays.	yeah. Anyone can put out an album now. Do you watch tv at all? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
yeah. Anyone can put out an album now. Do you watch tv at all? When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew	That is nice of them. I don't like animation much. I do watch a reasonable amount of TV.
That is nice of them. I don't like animation much. I do watch a reasonable amount of TV.	Heres a good one, its animation though lol There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned
Heres a good one, its animation though lol There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned	I respect the duration of that series. I was amused that a series was remade in England using the US script word for word.
I respect the duration of that series. I was amused that a series was remade in England using the US script word for word.	nice! Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
nice! Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each	Narration is a nice way to make a living. Some voices are really unique. Does anyone close to you play the piano?
Narration is a nice way to make a living. Some voices are really unique. Does anyone close to you play the piano?	Yes. My sister and father. you?
Yes. My sister and father. you?	My wife played for our churches for years. We have a Yamaha conservatory grand in our home. It is a stringed instrument and a percussion instrument.
My wife played for our churches for years. We have a Yamaha conservatory grand in our home. It is a stringed instrument and a percussion instrument.	Nice! Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude
Nice! Freddie mercury used the same piano to record bohemian rhapsody as paul mccartney used to record hey jude	I think that Bohemian Rhapsody is genius and Hey Jude is no slouch either. There is quite a difference in some piano brands, like Yamaha and the Horowitz Steinway.
I think that Bohemian Rhapsody is genius and Hey Jude is no slouch either. There is quite a difference in some piano brands, like Yamaha and the Horowitz Steinway.	What is the difference?
What is the difference?	The Yamaha is more bright in sound while the Steinway is more rich and sometimes even a bit muddy.
The Yamaha is more bright in sound while the Steinway is more rich and sometimes even a bit muddy.	Wow I didn't realize they had that big of a difference. There exists a song composed solely for stress testing auto-pianos, and is not remotely playable by humans - circus galop.
Wow I didn't realize they had that big of a difference. There exists a song composed solely for stress testing auto-pianos, and is not remotely playable by humans - circus galop.	I would like to hear it. I will try to look it up later.
I would like to hear it. I will try to look it up later.	In 2006 a group of climbers reached the top of britain's highest mountain and found a piano
In 2006 a group of climbers reached the top of britain's highest mountain and found a piano	That would be a mystery. I am going to go now. Bye.
That would be a mystery. I am going to go now. Bye.	Good evening! It might be fun to have a President Banana in the White House right? That was the name of Zimbabwe's first president actually, but we can dream.
Good evening! It might be fun to have a President Banana in the White House right? That was the name of Zimbabwe's first president actually, but we can dream.	That certainly would be fun!
That certainly would be fun!	Maybe Trump needs to follow in the footsteps of the President of Indonesia and make some pop albums. That could be what he needs to win over some of his biggest critics. LOL
Maybe Trump needs to follow in the footsteps of the President of Indonesia and make some pop albums. That could be what he needs to win over some of his biggest critics. LOL	Pop albums. With Kanye. Then declare a national emergency that requires everyone to buy a copy.
Pop albums. With Kanye. Then declare a national emergency that requires everyone to buy a copy.	LOL! What would it be like if the vice president was Hilary? That is how our system was until the early 1800s.
LOL! What would it be like if the vice president was Hilary? That is how our system was until the early 1800s.	Hillary and Trump in the WH together. They wouldn't even make eye contact.
Hillary and Trump in the WH together. They wouldn't even make eye contact.	Probably better they changed the rule. It could make for some amazing television though!
Probably better they changed the rule. It could make for some amazing television though!	Lots of drama! The greatest reality TV out there! Team Trump vs Team Hillary. Who will get voted out of the WH?
Lots of drama! The greatest reality TV out there! Team Trump vs Team Hillary. Who will get voted out of the WH?	They play their cards right, they could release an episode everyday and maybe catch up to Pokemon's output over the course of a couple years!
They play their cards right, they could release an episode everyday and maybe catch up to Pokemon's output over the course of a couple years!	I've never see Pokemon, and I don't think I ever will.
I've never see Pokemon, and I don't think I ever will.	Well if you ever get into it you can binge like crazy with all of those episodes! It seems I mostly get Thomas the Tank Engine here with my kids. Amazing the narrators they have gotten for that show.
Well if you ever get into it you can binge like crazy with all of those episodes! It seems I mostly get Thomas the Tank Engine here with my kids. Amazing the narrators they have gotten for that show.	I guess it's a fun show to work on, and the stars really enjoy lending their talents to it. I've only seen it a bit. A lot classier than Pokemon.
I guess it's a fun show to work on, and the stars really enjoy lending their talents to it. I've only seen it a bit. A lot classier than Pokemon.	The theme song is ringing in my ears already. Maybe I should learn it on a piano?
The theme song is ringing in my ears already. Maybe I should learn it on a piano?	Couldn't hurt. Find a good instrument first. Maybe the one that Freddie Mercury owned?
Couldn't hurt. Find a good instrument first. Maybe the one that Freddie Mercury owned?	Is that the same one that Paul McCartney recorded Hey Jude on? That piano has been part of some amazing rock history hasn't it?
Is that the same one that Paul McCartney recorded Hey Jude on? That piano has been part of some amazing rock history hasn't it?	It sure has. And perhaps if you get your hands on it, you too can contribute a song to that legacy.
It sure has. And perhaps if you get your hands on it, you too can contribute a song to that legacy.	I might only be successful mashing the keys. At least I know even the best can't play "Circus Galup" which is designed to stress test those auto pianos.
I might only be successful mashing the keys. At least I know even the best can't play "Circus Galup" which is designed to stress test those auto pianos.	I wonder who the composer was. Probably an engineering type.
I wonder who the composer was. Probably an engineering type.	Speaking of engineers, someone was able to build a 350+ pound aluminum piano that once rode in the lounge of the Hindenburg.
Speaking of engineers, someone was able to build a 350+ pound aluminum piano that once rode in the lounge of the Hindenburg.	I bet it was a work of art, but how did it sound? Probably tinny.
I bet it was a work of art, but how did it sound? Probably tinny.	It's hard to imagine it sounded like some of the better designed pianos. Wouldn't it be something if we returned to a time when the news didn't feel that there was any news that had to be reported and played piano music instead?
It's hard to imagine it sounded like some of the better designed pianos. Wouldn't it be something if we returned to a time when the news didn't feel that there was any news that had to be reported and played piano music instead?	No money in that. No news?! Just make some up! I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
No money in that. No news?! Just make some up! I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!	You too!
You too!	Hi, how are you?\
Hi, how are you?\	Good, thanks, how are you?
Good, thanks, how are you?	I am well, thanks. Do you play any instruments?
I am well, thanks. Do you play any instruments?	I used to play the piano when I was younger. How about you?
I used to play the piano when I was younger. How about you?	I played trumpet but no more.
I played trumpet but no more.	On the top of Britain's tallest mountain there is a piano. Hikers discovered it in 2006. Wonder who put it there!
On the top of Britain's tallest mountain there is a piano. Hikers discovered it in 2006. Wonder who put it there!	A piano player? Imagine taking your first date mountain climbing and being a piano player. Such a good move!
A piano player? Imagine taking your first date mountain climbing and being a piano player. Such a good move!	Seems like a lot of work for the people who hauled it up there. And it's funny nobody knew who had put it up there. I think it would be cool to listen to live piano music while in the sky. The airship Hindenburg had an aluminum grand piano. It weighed only 356 pounds.
Seems like a lot of work for the people who hauled it up there. And it's funny nobody knew who had put it up there. I think it would be cool to listen to live piano music while in the sky. The airship Hindenburg had an aluminum grand piano. It weighed only 356 pounds.	that is funny. Who doesn't see a piano going up a mountain??? I hope they took the light one, 356 pounds????
that is funny. Who doesn't see a piano going up a mountain??? I hope they took the light one, 356 pounds????	Haha, probably not, I think it was a regular piano! In 1930 the BBC thought that there was no news worthy news so they put on piano music instead. Sometimes I wish that would happen in the modern day!
Haha, probably not, I think it was a regular piano! In 1930 the BBC thought that there was no news worthy news so they put on piano music instead. Sometimes I wish that would happen in the modern day!	HAHAHA. Me too! There's a famous piano that played freddy mercury and mccartney!
HAHAHA. Me too! There's a famous piano that played freddy mercury and mccartney!	I heard they used that same piano to play Hey Jude and Bohemian Rhapsody.
I heard they used that same piano to play Hey Jude and Bohemian Rhapsody.	That's true! I would sell that so fast... There's also a song composed solely for stress testing a piano!
That's true! I would sell that so fast... There's also a song composed solely for stress testing a piano!	That is so cool! The Circus Galop, i think I have heard that before!
That is so cool! The Circus Galop, i think I have heard that before!	I wonder if that is on spotify. Ringo starr is on spotify and has also voiced Thomas the tank. Who knew?
I wonder if that is on spotify. Ringo starr is on spotify and has also voiced Thomas the tank. Who knew?	I used to watch Thomas when I was younger! I preferred to watch Pokemon though. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon
I used to watch Thomas when I was younger! I preferred to watch Pokemon though. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon	I think my son has watched all of those. So much pokemon!
I think my son has watched all of those. So much pokemon!	I definitely haven't watched them all! Ha! Another thing I liked to watch was the Simpsons. I used to watch with my parents.
I definitely haven't watched them all! Ha! Another thing I liked to watch was the Simpsons. I used to watch with my parents.	I love the simpsons. Do you have a favorite episode?
I love the simpsons. Do you have a favorite episode?	No, I don't, but I love Bart. There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.
No, I don't, but I love Bart. There is only one episode where he doesn't appear and isn't mentioned.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	So, do you think it that maybe it would be better if our President were just the head of state instead of also the head of government?
So, do you think it that maybe it would be better if our President were just the head of state instead of also the head of government?	I actually think it is pretty good how it is now. I was able to visit Washington DC recently and it very small compared to the guest house. I enjoyed looking at it though. HA
I actually think it is pretty good how it is now. I was able to visit Washington DC recently and it very small compared to the guest house. I enjoyed looking at it though. HA	I used to work up the street from the White House in DC. I'd walk by often during my lunch break and it never really seemed like much was going on from the outside.
I used to work up the street from the White House in DC. I'd walk by often during my lunch break and it never really seemed like much was going on from the outside.	Oh, how cool! I meant to say I saw the White House and it was small comparative. I had learned that George W. Bush put solar panels on the back but I couldn't see them.
Oh, how cool! I meant to say I saw the White House and it was small comparative. I had learned that George W. Bush put solar panels on the back but I couldn't see them.	I learned in the movie about Dick Cheney that after in the solar panels had originally been installed by Carter, Regan had them taken down.
I learned in the movie about Dick Cheney that after in the solar panels had originally been installed by Carter, Regan had them taken down.	Oh, that's funny what a cool story. Did you know the white house twin buildings in other countries.
Oh, that's funny what a cool story. Did you know the white house twin buildings in other countries.	I do now. I wonder if they're more like museums or hotels? It's not a very practical building as an office or a residence, which are its two purposes.
I do now. I wonder if they're more like museums or hotels? It's not a very practical building as an office or a residence, which are its two purposes.	Yeah, The twin buildings are in Ireland and France. It's just a fun fact.
Yeah, The twin buildings are in Ireland and France. It's just a fun fact.	I think those countries are lucky in that they only have physical copies of the White House as opposed to all of the baggage that comes with ours, like the fact that it was built by slaves and is frequently occupied by less than enlightened leaders.
I think those countries are lucky in that they only have physical copies of the White House as opposed to all of the baggage that comes with ours, like the fact that it was built by slaves and is frequently occupied by less than enlightened leaders.	Yeah, that is so true an very enlightening. I agree with you. I was listening to the radio earlier and laughing at the program.
Yeah, that is so true an very enlightening. I agree with you. I was listening to the radio earlier and laughing at the program.	I think the radio can be such a solid medium because you really have to convey your message through sound and nothing else. Can you imagine a White House radio show, or a Trump pop album on the radio like the president of Indonesia?
I think the radio can be such a solid medium because you really have to convey your message through sound and nothing else. Can you imagine a White House radio show, or a Trump pop album on the radio like the president of Indonesia?	Yeah, what a hilarious thought. I cant imagine Trump rapping with Kanye. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up by a am radio. WOW, that's amazing!
Yeah, what a hilarious thought. I cant imagine Trump rapping with Kanye. Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up by a am radio. WOW, that's amazing!	Yeah, it makes you wonder what aliens would think of the noises that we transmit across the universe over the radio.
Yeah, it makes you wonder what aliens would think of the noises that we transmit across the universe over the radio.	Yes, I believe in aliens in outer space, sometimes. I also listen to the radio for classics.
Yes, I believe in aliens in outer space, sometimes. I also listen to the radio for classics.	I would much rather listen to a classic radio program online than the news in Latin like the program they have in Finland. That seems like it has a very limited audience!
I would much rather listen to a classic radio program online than the news in Latin like the program they have in Finland. That seems like it has a very limited audience!	That is great, me too! I visited Canada and they play Canadian music 40% of the time, per law.
That is great, me too! I visited Canada and they play Canadian music 40% of the time, per law.	That surprises me, since that veers precociously close to censorship. I suppose the government has an interest in supporting Canadian culture.
That surprises me, since that veers precociously close to censorship. I suppose the government has an interest in supporting Canadian culture.	Yeah, the Canadians are very proud of their country and I guess love their own music too. It is a beautiful place with lovely people.
Yeah, the Canadians are very proud of their country and I guess love their own music too. It is a beautiful place with lovely people.	They definitely have a more beautiful leader than we do haha.
They definitely have a more beautiful leader than we do haha.	Yeah, did you know that it took three days for the secret service to realize that the White house had been shot with bullets! Three days is a long time for something so serious.
Yeah, did you know that it took three days for the secret service to realize that the White house had been shot with bullets! Three days is a long time for something so serious.	Yes, they need better security.
Yes, they need better security.	hi, do you know much about presidents?
hi, do you know much about presidents?	I know they live in the White House!
I know they live in the White House!	Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	Nice. Is that also true in Ireland and France, where they have twin White House buildings?
Nice. Is that also true in Ireland and France, where they have twin White House buildings?	Yeah but I do wonder if they presidents live in those houses or not
Yeah but I do wonder if they presidents live in those houses or not	Yeah, and since the White House still uses floppy disks, is this also true at the twin White Houses?
Yeah, and since the White House still uses floppy disks, is this also true at the twin White Houses?	Good point. I wonder if they use the floppy discs because they might still be safer
Good point. I wonder if they use the floppy discs because they might still be safer	Good question. Perhaps, since Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White house, perhaps Bush issued an executive order against CDs?
Good question. Perhaps, since Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White house, perhaps Bush issued an executive order against CDs?	Well, it could be. Good thing he brought back the solar panels though
Well, it could be. Good thing he brought back the solar panels though	True. Although in 2011, bullets struck the WHite House. It took the Secret Service 4 days to realize it. I wonder if the solar panels were damaged?
True. Although in 2011, bullets struck the WHite House. It took the Secret Service 4 days to realize it. I wonder if the solar panels were damaged?	Good point and strange that they did not figure that out earlier
Good point and strange that they did not figure that out earlier	Well, maybe they didn't notice because they were all inside listening to the latest pop music release from the President of Indonesia?
Well, maybe they didn't notice because they were all inside listening to the latest pop music release from the President of Indonesia?	Haha good point. Did not know the guy released 3 albums already
Haha good point. Did not know the guy released 3 albums already	The guy is a machine! But he needs a better stage name. Maybe President Banana?
The guy is a machine! But he needs a better stage name. Maybe President Banana?	I do not think the president of Zimbabwe would be happy about that
I do not think the president of Zimbabwe would be happy about that	He could be the artist formerly known as President Banana? I don't really care as long as I can listen to him on the radio! I love two things on my radio: Indonesian pop music and electromagnetic storms from Jupiter. Those are my go to listening pleasures!
He could be the artist formerly known as President Banana? I don't really care as long as I can listen to him on the radio! I love two things on my radio: Indonesian pop music and electromagnetic storms from Jupiter. Those are my go to listening pleasures!	Yeah that is so cool that if you turn your radio to am, you may capture Jupiter's storms
Yeah that is so cool that if you turn your radio to am, you may capture Jupiter's storms	I wonder how Jupiter gets around the law in Canada, where stations are required to play at least 40% of their content from Canadian artists. Does Jupiter have to book Canadian storms?
I wonder how Jupiter gets around the law in Canada, where stations are required to play at least 40% of their content from Canadian artists. Does Jupiter have to book Canadian storms?	Hahahah that is funny and a great point. Maybe Jupiter is partly Canadian
Hahahah that is funny and a great point. Maybe Jupiter is partly Canadian	Nice. I bet they have a hockey team too! Although, I hope their storms don't sound like that Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical Latin!
Nice. I bet they have a hockey team too! Although, I hope their storms don't sound like that Finnish radio station that broadcasts in classical Latin!	Yeah I wonder how many listeners they have really. Nice chatting with you
Yeah I wonder how many listeners they have really. Nice chatting with you	Do you listen to the Radio?
Do you listen to the Radio?	Yes, mostly on my commute to and from work every day.
Yes, mostly on my commute to and from work every day.	Interesting, I have to ride the subway so I can't listen to it. I miss it though. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor and pencil?
Interesting, I have to ride the subway so I can't listen to it. I miss it though. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razor and pencil?	Oh, that's neat. I heard that a Hanson song became the most requested track on a Chicago alternative rock radio station because the DJs did not reveal the name of the band. Those are some talented brothers, they kind of got roped into being a teeny bopper band and never really shook that image.
Oh, that's neat. I heard that a Hanson song became the most requested track on a Chicago alternative rock radio station because the DJs did not reveal the name of the band. Those are some talented brothers, they kind of got roped into being a teeny bopper band and never really shook that image.	Did you know that Hanson is from canada? I didn't.
Did you know that Hanson is from canada? I didn't.	Oh, cool. Celine Dion, Shania Twain, and Hanson, all the Canada artists, I can think of. All good, though. Did you know that the most popular radio act of the 1930s was a ventriloquist? I don't even know how that was possible over the radio?
Oh, cool. Celine Dion, Shania Twain, and Hanson, all the Canada artists, I can think of. All good, though. Did you know that the most popular radio act of the 1930s was a ventriloquist? I don't even know how that was possible over the radio?	Interesting, I didn't know that. I wonder why people liked that.
Interesting, I didn't know that. I wonder why people liked that.	Who knows, times were simpler back then. Maybe people were more easily amosed. Lol
Who knows, times were simpler back then. Maybe people were more easily amosed. Lol	yeah. Did you know there is a website where you can listen to thousand of episodes of classic radio?
yeah. Did you know there is a website where you can listen to thousand of episodes of classic radio?	No, I didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. I do know that there is a radio station that translates the solar activity into sound so you can listen to the sun's music, live. How cool is that?
No, I didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. I do know that there is a radio station that translates the solar activity into sound so you can listen to the sun's music, live. How cool is that?	It's pretty cool. Do you know if it is AM or FM radio?
It's pretty cool. Do you know if it is AM or FM radio?	It's an Am station out of Topeka, Kansas. On a different note have you ever visited 1600 Pennsylvania avenue in Washington, D.C. ?
It's an Am station out of Topeka, Kansas. On a different note have you ever visited 1600 Pennsylvania avenue in Washington, D.C. ?	I have, I actually live in that area. Pretty cool stuff.
I have, I actually live in that area. Pretty cool stuff.	That's nice. Did you know the very first phone number for the White House was"1"?
That's nice. Did you know the very first phone number for the White House was"1"?	No, I didn't. That is crazy, I wonder how many prank calls they got!
No, I didn't. That is crazy, I wonder how many prank calls they got!	Probably a plenty. I hear there is a replica of the White House in Atlanta, which was built as a private home. Have you ever visited it?
Probably a plenty. I hear there is a replica of the White House in Atlanta, which was built as a private home. Have you ever visited it?	No, but I've visited the real one. It is not nearly as big as you would think.
No, but I've visited the real one. It is not nearly as big as you would think.	That's what I heard. Most of it is below ground, I hear. Do you know that Jimmy Carter installed solar panels, which Ronald Reagan promptly had removed, when he took office?
That's what I heard. Most of it is below ground, I hear. Do you know that Jimmy Carter installed solar panels, which Ronald Reagan promptly had removed, when he took office?	Interesting, and then George W put them back in.
Interesting, and then George W put them back in.	To each his own I guess. Jimmy Carter also had all the thermostats turned down to 65 degrees the Winter of 1977. Which, I was a little girl back then, but it was very cold.
To each his own I guess. Jimmy Carter also had all the thermostats turned down to 65 degrees the Winter of 1977. Which, I was a little girl back then, but it was very cold.	Interesting, well nice chatting with you!
Interesting, well nice chatting with you!	Do you know any interesting facts about the presidents?
Do you know any interesting facts about the presidents?	Good morning. I might know a couple. How about you?
Good morning. I might know a couple. How about you?	I know a few here and there that I've been reading. Such as the top wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
I know a few here and there that I've been reading. Such as the top wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Clearly this list was compiled Trump became president or he would be at the top of that list.
Clearly this list was compiled Trump became president or he would be at the top of that list.	I was thinking the same thing when I read that.
I was thinking the same thing when I read that.	I do know the President of the United States is supposedly the leader of the free world, but his guest house is much larger than his own house he stays in. Not much leader status there.
I do know the President of the United States is supposedly the leader of the free world, but his guest house is much larger than his own house he stays in. Not much leader status there.	No. lol Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president.
No. lol Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential election automatically became the vice president.	Could you see Hillary and Trump playing nicely together at the white house?
Could you see Hillary and Trump playing nicely together at the white house?	I don't think that would happen. lol Teddy Rooselelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was a staunch conservationist. Good for him!
I don't think that would happen. lol Teddy Rooselelt banned Christmas trees from the white house because he was a staunch conservationist. Good for him!	I thought so too. He was green way before his time. Such a progressive. But, George W. Bush put Solar panels on the white house, so I'll give him a shout out, as well! Good job, George.
I thought so too. He was green way before his time. Such a progressive. But, George W. Bush put Solar panels on the white house, so I'll give him a shout out, as well! Good job, George.	Nice! The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files. Must be trying to save on costs for the taxpayers. lol
Nice! The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files. Must be trying to save on costs for the taxpayers. lol	Or a low tech security measure. People nowadays have no clue what they are. Probably looks like a drink coaster to most.
Or a low tech security measure. People nowadays have no clue what they are. Probably looks like a drink coaster to most.	lol The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France. Wonder why?
lol The white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France. Wonder why?	Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery?
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery?	lol I hope they weren't shot at like the white house was on Nov. 11, 2011. Scary that it took the secret service 4 days to realize it.
lol I hope they weren't shot at like the white house was on Nov. 11, 2011. Scary that it took the secret service 4 days to realize it.	Thought the same thing, I wouldn't want those secret service people guarding me. Wonder if anyone got fired over that incident?
Thought the same thing, I wouldn't want those secret service people guarding me. Wonder if anyone got fired over that incident?	I would hope they at least got transferred to another job.
I would hope they at least got transferred to another job.	Lol. Do you listen to the radio?
Lol. Do you listen to the radio?	I do. I would like to try to listen to the Jupitor radio storms on AM radio. That would be neat.
I do. I would like to try to listen to the Jupitor radio storms on AM radio. That would be neat.	Me too, it would probably be alot different than any music, we've ever heard before! Out of this world. I hear in Canada there's a law where 40% of the music played on the radio must be Canadian. I didn't think they had enough artists to satisfy that law. All, I can think of are Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Drake, and Justin Beiber. That's it.
Me too, it would probably be alot different than any music, we've ever heard before! Out of this world. I hear in Canada there's a law where 40% of the music played on the radio must be Canadian. I didn't think they had enough artists to satisfy that law. All, I can think of are Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Drake, and Justin Beiber. That's it.	I like that law. Gives the artists a chance. You won't hear them in the states because the big record labels control the radio airplay. It was nice chatting with you!
I like that law. Gives the artists a chance. You won't hear them in the states because the big record labels control the radio airplay. It was nice chatting with you!	Nice chatting with you, as well. Enjoy your Saturday, friend.
Nice chatting with you, as well. Enjoy your Saturday, friend.	Are you a football fan? Do you watch the NFL?
Are you a football fan? Do you watch the NFL?	I'm a fan but don't get to watch much. I here there are no written rules concerning female players.
I'm a fan but don't get to watch much. I here there are no written rules concerning female players.	I think the assumption is that only men would want to play, especially since men play in high school and college. Women could certainly play some positions, though.
I think the assumption is that only men would want to play, especially since men play in high school and college. Women could certainly play some positions, though.	Yeah i'm not against it or anything. New Orleans don't even allow cheerleaders to eat in the same restaurant with players.
Yeah i'm not against it or anything. New Orleans don't even allow cheerleaders to eat in the same restaurant with players.	That rule might have something to do with romantic relationships between players and cheerleaders. I think the NFL could add male cheerleaders. They have them in college. There are female officials now.
That rule might have something to do with romantic relationships between players and cheerleaders. I think the NFL could add male cheerleaders. They have them in college. There are female officials now.	That's true! Hard to believe that the average game only has 11 minutes of live coverage.
That's true! Hard to believe that the average game only has 11 minutes of live coverage.	Lots of time for commercials. Very different from basketball. I didn't know that Tom Brady was overlooked as a JV QB. Perhaps the coach didn't like him personally.
Lots of time for commercials. Very different from basketball. I didn't know that Tom Brady was overlooked as a JV QB. Perhaps the coach didn't like him personally.	I didn't know that either. Interesting enough how the huddle was created. it was to avoid a deaf quarterback from having his hand signals read.
I didn't know that either. Interesting enough how the huddle was created. it was to avoid a deaf quarterback from having his hand signals read.	I wonder how a deaf QB communicated with the coach. Maybe the coach knew sign language?
I wonder how a deaf QB communicated with the coach. Maybe the coach knew sign language?	Yeah he would have had to or something. Did you know that the sun is actually white?
Yeah he would have had to or something. Did you know that the sun is actually white?	Yeah, I believe the atmosphere filters the light so that only blue is refracted downward. The sun probably looks white if you stand on the moon, where there is no atmosphere.
Yeah, I believe the atmosphere filters the light so that only blue is refracted downward. The sun probably looks white if you stand on the moon, where there is no atmosphere.	Yeah your probable right. The sun is capable of producing enough energy in on second that would meet the needs of the planet for 500,000 years.
Yeah your probable right. The sun is capable of producing enough energy in on second that would meet the needs of the planet for 500,000 years.	If there were just some way of capturing it all. I think a Dyson sphere is designed to capture all energy from the sun. Where would you store it though?
If there were just some way of capturing it all. I think a Dyson sphere is designed to capture all energy from the sun. Where would you store it though?	Should just convert it a use it simultaneously to meet the needs of the people. wait that would be to much like right.
Should just convert it a use it simultaneously to meet the needs of the people. wait that would be to much like right.	Perhaps it would be easier to catch lightning bolts and transform the heat energy into electricity.
Perhaps it would be easier to catch lightning bolts and transform the heat energy into electricity.	At five times the heat of the sun, i'm not sure we have anything that could contain it. kind of makes you wonder about Franklin and that kite and key.
At five times the heat of the sun, i'm not sure we have anything that could contain it. kind of makes you wonder about Franklin and that kite and key.	Franklin might not have been holding the kite. It could have been attached to something.
Franklin might not have been holding the kite. It could have been attached to something.	True, however we know that's not how history explains it. The sun is relatively small compared to other stars in our Galaxy.
True, however we know that's not how history explains it. The sun is relatively small compared to other stars in our Galaxy.	This makes me think that there is a good chance of life on other planets, including ones nearby. Our solar system is just not that unusual.
This makes me think that there is a good chance of life on other planets, including ones nearby. Our solar system is just not that unusual.	On a different note did you know that there is only one left handed quarter back in the NFL?
On a different note did you know that there is only one left handed quarter back in the NFL?	I was surprised to hear that. I figured with 3 QBs per team, there'd be more.
I was surprised to hear that. I figured with 3 QBs per team, there'd be more.	I know right! I hated playing with a lefty, the ball spends the wrong way, haha!
I know right! I hated playing with a lefty, the ball spends the wrong way, haha!	Well, it's been fun chatting.
Well, it's been fun chatting.	it has have an awesome day my friend!
it has have an awesome day my friend!	Groovy. Take care!
Groovy. Take care!	Be a star at the center of your solar system like the sun!
Be a star at the center of your solar system like the sun!	I certainly have the mass for it! About 98% of the solar system's.
I certainly have the mass for it! About 98% of the solar system's.	Well your on your way, the sun is only a few percentages a head of you with a 99.86% total mass.
Well your on your way, the sun is only a few percentages a head of you with a 99.86% total mass.	I might have some competition in the future. The obesity epidemic could lead to others trying to claim the title of star of the solar system.
I might have some competition in the future. The obesity epidemic could lead to others trying to claim the title of star of the solar system.	I believe in you! It took Neptune over two hundred years to rotate the sun, you got plenty of time.
I believe in you! It took Neptune over two hundred years to rotate the sun, you got plenty of time.	Neptune was never a serious competitor for anything. Not enough moxie or gumption to make an orbit in a timely fashion. Bush league stuff.
Neptune was never a serious competitor for anything. Not enough moxie or gumption to make an orbit in a timely fashion. Bush league stuff.	Great conversation with you, i really enjoyed it.
Great conversation with you, i really enjoyed it.	Yep. Have a great day!
Yep. Have a great day!	You too!
You too!	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	I listen to spotify, does that count? Do you listen to the radio?
I listen to spotify, does that count? Do you listen to the radio?	I listen to pandora. Is spotify better than pandora?
I listen to pandora. Is spotify better than pandora?	I like it more. I got a free 3 month premium trial and never went back to either pandora or basic. I prefer commercial free.
I like it more. I got a free 3 month premium trial and never went back to either pandora or basic. I prefer commercial free.	Interesting. Is it a pay service? I've never used it.
Interesting. Is it a pay service? I've never used it.	It is, like $10 a month. The way I see it is most people pay for netflix, I pay for this. It also helps curate playlists I may like.
It is, like $10 a month. The way I see it is most people pay for netflix, I pay for this. It also helps curate playlists I may like.	Yeah, not a bad deal. Did you know you can hear storms from Jupiter on AM radio?
Yeah, not a bad deal. Did you know you can hear storms from Jupiter on AM radio?	I did not know that. I wonder what it sounds like?
I did not know that. I wonder what it sounds like?	I'm not sure, I also wonder what station it is on.
I'm not sure, I also wonder what station it is on.	I wonder if WWII radios could have picked it up? Made from razor blades and pencil...
I wonder if WWII radios could have picked it up? Made from razor blades and pencil...	Hmmm, probably. That is an interesting question.
Hmmm, probably. That is an interesting question.	did you know canadian radio has to play at least 40% canadian music.
did you know canadian radio has to play at least 40% canadian music.	I heard that. I'm not familiar with any Canadian stars, are you?
I heard that. I'm not familiar with any Canadian stars, are you?	Yes, nickelback, avril lavigne, Celine Dion, Bieber! There's a ton!
Yes, nickelback, avril lavigne, Celine Dion, Bieber! There's a ton!	Interesting, I didn't know they were from there.
Interesting, I didn't know they were from there.	They are. I don't think they are the best representations of Canada but...
They are. I don't think they are the best representations of Canada but...	Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe's last name was called President Banana?
Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe's last name was called President Banana?	Huh, they have president banana and we have trump!
Huh, they have president banana and we have trump!	His last name is banana apparently. Well, nice chatting with you.
His last name is banana apparently. Well, nice chatting with you.	That makes the joke less funny but that's ok. I wonder if he was any good?
That makes the joke less funny but that's ok. I wonder if he was any good?	I'm not sure, I don't know much about their history. Anyways, have a good day. Nice chatting!
I'm not sure, I don't know much about their history. Anyways, have a good day. Nice chatting!	do you know much about the president?
do you know much about the president?	I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD	wow. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
wow. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?	I have no idea, they rank them that way?
I have no idea, they rank them that way?	Yes they do and they are, Jefferson, JFK and Washington
Yes they do and they are, Jefferson, JFK and Washington	Nice. In Guatemala the relatives of the president cannot run for that position
Nice. In Guatemala the relatives of the president cannot run for that position	Wow I guess that is one way to combat nepotism
Wow I guess that is one way to combat nepotism	I guess. Do you know Lincoln was the first one to have the photograph taken at inauguration?
I guess. Do you know Lincoln was the first one to have the photograph taken at inauguration?	Wow cool. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Wow cool. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	I guess they need all the room there for guests
I guess they need all the room there for guests	I guess so. Do you listen to the radio?
I guess so. Do you listen to the radio?	O do. A DJ once played a Hanson song without revealing the artist
O do. A DJ once played a Hanson song without revealing the artist	Wow how did that go? In am radio you can listen to Jupiter's storms
Wow how did that go? In am radio you can listen to Jupiter's storms	THat is so coo. The song became the most requested one
THat is so coo. The song became the most requested one	Wow I guess that worked out pretty well for them then
Wow I guess that worked out pretty well for them then	Yup it did. There is a radio station that turns solar activity to sound
Yup it did. There is a radio station that turns solar activity to sound	Wow cool. Do you like radio dramas?
Wow cool. Do you like radio dramas?	I have no listened to them , do you?
I have no listened to them , do you?	I do sometimes and there is a free website for that
I do sometimes and there is a free website for that	Nice. Did you know the first number of the white house was 1?
Nice. Did you know the first number of the white house was 1?	That is so awesome. Nice chatting with you
That is so awesome. Nice chatting with you	Hello, do you listen to the radio?
Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Sometimes, mostly when I am in my car. And you ?
Sometimes, mostly when I am in my car. And you ?	Yes, great for commuting. Using waves to carry info
Yes, great for commuting. Using waves to carry info	Since I am Canadian, 40% of the music on the radio that I hear come from canadian artist. It is a great way to know them.
Since I am Canadian, 40% of the music on the radio that I hear come from canadian artist. It is a great way to know them.	Is that an official requirement?
Is that an official requirement?	Yes, It is to promote canadian culture, I suppose you don't have to worry about another culture giant if you come from the US.
Yes, It is to promote canadian culture, I suppose you don't have to worry about another culture giant if you come from the US.	Oh I heard they made it into a law!
Oh I heard they made it into a law!	Yeah, It has to be a law, it is rare that a canadian artist is more popular than an american one.
Yeah, It has to be a law, it is rare that a canadian artist is more popular than an american one.	How about Justin Beiber?
How about Justin Beiber?	And Drake, and Celine Dion, they are popular for short amount of time, but most of the time in the top 10, it is an american artist.
And Drake, and Celine Dion, they are popular for short amount of time, but most of the time in the top 10, it is an american artist.	Did you know ww2 solders used pencils and razorblades to make radios?
Did you know ww2 solders used pencils and razorblades to make radios?	Did they find that by themselves or they were told how to do it ?
Did they find that by themselves or they were told how to do it ?	Not sure, sitting in fox holes is how they discovered it.
Not sure, sitting in fox holes is how they discovered it.	I wonder how they sound, and how loud the volume can be.
I wonder how they sound, and how loud the volume can be.	Probably better than nothing to pass time and get news. I would listen to Jupiter if I had to.
Probably better than nothing to pass time and get news. I would listen to Jupiter if I had to.	How can you listen to Jupiter ?
How can you listen to Jupiter ?	The waves are strong enough to be picked up by AM radio!
The waves are strong enough to be picked up by AM radio!	That is interesting, I forgot that most waves comes from natural phenomenons and not antennas.
That is interesting, I forgot that most waves comes from natural phenomenons and not antennas.	yes electromagnetic energy waves travel through space
yes electromagnetic energy waves travel through space	I wonder if the scientists use a radio to analyse those phenomenons, or they have specialized equipment.
I wonder if the scientists use a radio to analyse those phenomenons, or they have specialized equipment.	I dont want to know, if we get a message, it would not be a good one haha according to Neil Degrasse. We would be savages compared to traveling aliens. Take care!
I dont want to know, if we get a message, it would not be a good one haha according to Neil Degrasse. We would be savages compared to traveling aliens. Take care!	Thanks, I have to go, I shall listen to radio in my car, maybe I will pick up a radio storm.
Thanks, I have to go, I shall listen to radio in my car, maybe I will pick up a radio storm.	hi how are you?
hi how are you?	I'm good thanks. I like learning facts about the government. Did you know the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
I'm good thanks. I like learning facts about the government. Did you know the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?	That is interesting. i guess the govts of those countries wanted to pay homage to the US?
That is interesting. i guess the govts of those countries wanted to pay homage to the US?	Yes I'm not sure but that's a good guess. I wonder if the copies have solar panels because the original has solar panels put on by George W. Bush.
Yes I'm not sure but that's a good guess. I wonder if the copies have solar panels because the original has solar panels put on by George W. Bush.	the first panels were put on by carter, then reagan took them off. bush put them back. i dont know what trump has done.
the first panels were put on by carter, then reagan took them off. bush put them back. i dont know what trump has done.	Hopefully they're still on there. Can you believe that the White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files?
Hopefully they're still on there. Can you believe that the White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files?	the govt at every level is way behind on tech. the problem is the budget is not there. but the WH? strange.
the govt at every level is way behind on tech. the problem is the budget is not there. but the WH? strange.	True. Yes it's interesting seeing what the government allocated funds to. For example Teddy Roosevelt band Christmas trees from the White House. But it's because he was a conservationist!
True. Yes it's interesting seeing what the government allocated funds to. For example Teddy Roosevelt band Christmas trees from the White House. But it's because he was a conservationist!	he also helped promote the national park system. i think he knew the value of americas natural glory.
he also helped promote the national park system. i think he knew the value of americas natural glory.	Yes he preserved a lot of the beauty within our country. We owe him a lot for that. A bullet once to struck the White House in 2011 and it took Secret Service four days to realize what happened.
Yes he preserved a lot of the beauty within our country. We owe him a lot for that. A bullet once to struck the White House in 2011 and it took Secret Service four days to realize what happened.	there was no official govt shutdown then, but there may as well have been. four days?
there was no official govt shutdown then, but there may as well have been. four days?	Yeah there should've been a shut down! I bet the story was told on the radio about what had happened. There's a lot of interesting stuff that happened on the radio but I don't really listen to it anymore.
Yeah there should've been a shut down! I bet the story was told on the radio about what had happened. There's a lot of interesting stuff that happened on the radio but I don't really listen to it anymore.	i used to listen to the radio when i was younger. didnt have a choice. now i use the internet. i dont have a choice about quitting that though. im addicted.
i used to listen to the radio when i was younger. didnt have a choice. now i use the internet. i dont have a choice about quitting that though. im addicted.	Yes it is so addicting! I wonder if the radio was addicting back in the day. There's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free!
Yes it is so addicting! I wonder if the radio was addicting back in the day. There's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free!	I bet people got used to radio as a companion. i imagine shut-ins and elderly getting used to a voice in the room. i like radio because you dont have to watch.
I bet people got used to radio as a companion. i imagine shut-ins and elderly getting used to a voice in the room. i like radio because you dont have to watch.	Yes you have to imagine it in your mind. It probably requires more brain power! Radios were so important that soldiers made them using a razor blade and a pencil.
Yes you have to imagine it in your mind. It probably requires more brain power! Radios were so important that soldiers made them using a razor blade and a pencil.	I cant imagine that. they must have been inspired to find that solution. i wonder what they listened to in those foxholes.
I cant imagine that. they must have been inspired to find that solution. i wonder what they listened to in those foxholes.	Good question. Maybe classic radio dramas! According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
Good question. Maybe classic radio dramas! According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.	yeah, they are trying to protect the market for canadian artists. they are worried about being overwhelmed by US artists.
yeah, they are trying to protect the market for canadian artists. they are worried about being overwhelmed by US artists.	That is a valid concern. Although they do have some famous Canadians like Drake, Justin Bieber, and some others I'm sure.
That is a valid concern. Although they do have some famous Canadians like Drake, Justin Bieber, and some others I'm sure.	Yes. Rush. Neil Young. April Wine. Loverboy. those canadians are up to something! LOL Anyway, great chat!
Yes. Rush. Neil Young. April Wine. Loverboy. those canadians are up to something! LOL Anyway, great chat!	Yes they are! Good Canadian music knowledge! You as well, bye!
Yes they are! Good Canadian music knowledge! You as well, bye!	Hello, what do you think about that memo to New York Times publisher
Hello, what do you think about that memo to New York Times publisher	Sounds like he was going to wasting his time trying to take down Trump's fake news slogan.
Sounds like he was going to wasting his time trying to take down Trump's fake news slogan.	I think he is wasting his time as well, he did show concern about him labeling them the enemy of the people
I think he is wasting his time as well, he did show concern about him labeling them the enemy of the people	Yeah did you hear Trump say the media is driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome?
Yeah did you hear Trump say the media is driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome?	Yeah I did hear about that. Do you like Trump as president?
Yeah I did hear about that. Do you like Trump as president?	That is delusional, I don' t care for much of the media but he does take it too far. No, I don't. I thought it was funny when he said he changed the price of oil single handedly. How about you?
That is delusional, I don' t care for much of the media but he does take it too far. No, I don't. I thought it was funny when he said he changed the price of oil single handedly. How about you?	He does take it too far. At first I thought he was doing a good job, but my opinion changed. He is not what we need for this country
He does take it too far. At first I thought he was doing a good job, but my opinion changed. He is not what we need for this country	You are right, that is not what we need as a leader, good call. He has the wrong attitude.
You are right, that is not what we need as a leader, good call. He has the wrong attitude.	One thing that seems odd is that he is not on the list of the wealthiest presidents of US history
One thing that seems odd is that he is not on the list of the wealthiest presidents of US history	No he's not, on a different note, do you know who the only president with a phd is?
No he's not, on a different note, do you know who the only president with a phd is?	No, maybe Obama I have no idea really
No, maybe Obama I have no idea really	I guess it was Woodrow Wilson. I would think we would have more presidents with one.
I guess it was Woodrow Wilson. I would think we would have more presidents with one.	I agree, there should be a law that requires at least a masters degree, higher education is a must for a great leader
I agree, there should be a law that requires at least a masters degree, higher education is a must for a great leader	Exactly, although our current president wouldn't fit that requirement
Exactly, although our current president wouldn't fit that requirement	No, I wonder if he even has a masters degree, he does have a large guest house, its bigger than the White House itself
No, I wonder if he even has a masters degree, he does have a large guest house, its bigger than the White House itself	Yeah isn't that funny, I wonder what the guests who come to stay at the white house think.
Yeah isn't that funny, I wonder what the guests who come to stay at the white house think.	They must be amazed by it I bet the interior is really nice and with a lot of art in it,
They must be amazed by it I bet the interior is really nice and with a lot of art in it,	Yeah they must. Do you listen to the radio much?
Yeah they must. Do you listen to the radio much?	I do listen to the radio, every day to work and also at nights, do you listen to the radio?
I do listen to the radio, every day to work and also at nights, do you listen to the radio?	Yeah I found a really good local station I like, plays a lot of oldies.
Yeah I found a really good local station I like, plays a lot of oldies.	Thats great, its good that you still like radio many people dont, there is a site with thousands of free drama episodes, you might like that one.
Thats great, its good that you still like radio many people dont, there is a site with thousands of free drama episodes, you might like that one.	Hello! Are you a fan of the NFL?
Hello! Are you a fan of the NFL?	Yes I am. Are you.
Yes I am. Are you.	I'm a big fan! Did you know the huddle was created by a QB who was deaf so he could relay the plays through hand signals to the other players?
I'm a big fan! Did you know the huddle was created by a QB who was deaf so he could relay the plays through hand signals to the other players?	I think I heard that before. It sure has become a big part of the game .
I think I heard that before. It sure has become a big part of the game .	For sure. Out of the 32 teams do you have a favorite one?
For sure. Out of the 32 teams do you have a favorite one?	yeah. Im a steelers fan. I bleed black and gold.
yeah. Im a steelers fan. I bleed black and gold.	Nice! That's my team as well! Awesome! I've been a fan for over 40 years!
Nice! That's my team as well! Awesome! I've been a fan for over 40 years!	Well I havnt been alive that long, but Im still a big fan. Did you know that Ben is the most winningest QB in the browns stadium since they were reinstated.
Well I havnt been alive that long, but Im still a big fan. Did you know that Ben is the most winningest QB in the browns stadium since they were reinstated.	I did know that! I miss the old rivalry between the Browns and Steelers. I went to every Browns and Steelers game from 1980 to 1989. Then it was time for me to enter the working world and start a family and that streak ended.
I did know that! I miss the old rivalry between the Browns and Steelers. I went to every Browns and Steelers game from 1980 to 1989. Then it was time for me to enter the working world and start a family and that streak ended.	that rivalry with baltimore was pretty good there for a long time to though.
that rivalry with baltimore was pretty good there for a long time to though.	Yes. I agree. Have you ever watched Pittsburgh Dad on youtube?
Yes. I agree. Have you ever watched Pittsburgh Dad on youtube?	I havnt. I have heard it was good though. Gonna have to check it out.
I havnt. I have heard it was good though. Gonna have to check it out.	Definately check it out! His next door neighbor is a Baltimore fan. You'll laugh your butt off! Did you know that the Browns QB Baker Mayfield once almost quit football in order to pursue a full time competitive gaming career?
Definately check it out! His next door neighbor is a Baltimore fan. You'll laugh your butt off! Did you know that the Browns QB Baker Mayfield once almost quit football in order to pursue a full time competitive gaming career?	I think either profession would be pretty awesome to be honest. I think I would go with football though.
I think either profession would be pretty awesome to be honest. I think I would go with football though.	Me too. lol Another interesting tidbit is that the lifetime earnings of an average engineer are higher than the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
Me too. lol Another interesting tidbit is that the lifetime earnings of an average engineer are higher than the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.	I wouldnt have guessed that.
I wouldnt have guessed that.	I'm guessing because they have a longer career. There is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an NFL game. Crazy.
I'm guessing because they have a longer career. There is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an NFL game. Crazy.	It is crazy. Did you also know the first playoff game was played on a 80 yard field in 1932
It is crazy. Did you also know the first playoff game was played on a 80 yard field in 1932	Wow. I didn't know that. Wonder when they switched it to 100 yards? I wonder if we'll see a woman player any time soon since there's no rule against women playing?
Wow. I didn't know that. Wonder when they switched it to 100 yards? I wonder if we'll see a woman player any time soon since there's no rule against women playing?	I dont know. I think it would be cool to see. Just dont know if its an actual possibility.
I dont know. I think it would be cool to see. Just dont know if its an actual possibility.	I'm thinking maybe a kicker or punter.
I'm thinking maybe a kicker or punter.	Hello!
Hello!	Hello. The president has been tweeting all morning again today.
Hello. The president has been tweeting all morning again today.	I know. It is interesting in the least isn't it. Not as interesting as the fact that he isn't the wealthiest president to ever take office.
I know. It is interesting in the least isn't it. Not as interesting as the fact that he isn't the wealthiest president to ever take office.	Yeah he is definitely no JFK or Washington for sure!
Yeah he is definitely no JFK or Washington for sure!	We should have continued the tradition of the runner-up becoming the vice-president!
We should have continued the tradition of the runner-up becoming the vice-president!	IF that was the case this time around there would be lots of drama in the White House thats for sure!
IF that was the case this time around there would be lots of drama in the White House thats for sure!	Maybe not, Hilary Clinton could stay in the White House twin in Ireland or France.
Maybe not, Hilary Clinton could stay in the White House twin in Ireland or France.	or the guest house which is bigger than WHite House
or the guest house which is bigger than WHite House	Agreed. But then who would keep the president in check?
Agreed. But then who would keep the president in check?	LOL, that is a good point. I don't think he's very smart
LOL, that is a good point. I don't think he's very smart	At least he's smarther than the fact that the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files!
At least he's smarther than the fact that the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files!	I know right! What do they hope to do with them down the road and where the heck are they storing all of them. such a waste!
I know right! What do they hope to do with them down the road and where the heck are they storing all of them. such a waste!	Perhaps they could use them to cover up the bullet holes from November 11, 2011.
Perhaps they could use them to cover up the bullet holes from November 11, 2011.	Only if the Secret Service finds them in time...lol.
Only if the Secret Service finds them in time...lol.	Maybe they are under the solar panels W installed. Hmmm.
Maybe they are under the solar panels W installed. Hmmm.	We need a man like Teddy back in the White House to clean up the nonsense.
We need a man like Teddy back in the White House to clean up the nonsense.	Someone willing to take on large corporations and corruption? An anti-trust guy? Sounds like Bernie.
Someone willing to take on large corporations and corruption? An anti-trust guy? Sounds like Bernie.	I think you are right there.
I think you are right there.	Unfortunately, until new laws that disallow the Citizen's United SC ruling, we will never have a proper system set up to benefit the working class.
Unfortunately, until new laws that disallow the Citizen's United SC ruling, we will never have a proper system set up to benefit the working class.	We need to post a new job ad on Indeed for the President's job since he is firing everyone around him. I think he is the incompetent one
We need to post a new job ad on Indeed for the President's job since he is firing everyone around him. I think he is the incompetent one	While I do not disagree, we need congress to do their job and enact their powers of impeachment.
While I do not disagree, we need congress to do their job and enact their powers of impeachment.	Merry Xmas
Merry Xmas	Do you know anything about the background of Trump's Director of the National Economic Council, Larry Kudlow?
Do you know anything about the background of Trump's Director of the National Economic Council, Larry Kudlow?	I do not personally know anything about Trump or his people, but I do know that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a phd.
I do not personally know anything about Trump or his people, but I do know that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a phd.	I did not know that. I wonder what field of study was it in? I recently read that the 3 wealthiest presidents were Kennedy, Washington, and Jefferson. I am wondering if that is outdated considering we have a billionaire in the White House.
I did not know that. I wonder what field of study was it in? I recently read that the 3 wealthiest presidents were Kennedy, Washington, and Jefferson. I am wondering if that is outdated considering we have a billionaire in the White House.	I'm guessing that is definitely outdated especially in terms of Washington and Jefferson since those presidents haven't been president for many years. Did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
I'm guessing that is definitely outdated especially in terms of Washington and Jefferson since those presidents haven't been president for many years. Did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.	I could see that considering photography was first developed in the early 1800s. What I find odd and maybe a bit bizarre is that the White House still uses floppy discs for storing files. I did not know you could still buy floppy discs or even computers to use them on!
I could see that considering photography was first developed in the early 1800s. What I find odd and maybe a bit bizarre is that the White House still uses floppy discs for storing files. I did not know you could still buy floppy discs or even computers to use them on!	I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised. Some older technology still has some relevance, but back to the Lincoln thing John Wilkes Booth was in the photo that was taken during the inauguration.
I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised. Some older technology still has some relevance, but back to the Lincoln thing John Wilkes Booth was in the photo that was taken during the inauguration.	That is truly unusually that Lincoln would be in a photograph with his future assassin! Do you listen to Radio much? Franklin D. Roosevelt started the weekly presidential radio address. In continued until Trump "put it on hiatus" in 2018.
That is truly unusually that Lincoln would be in a photograph with his future assassin! Do you listen to Radio much? Franklin D. Roosevelt started the weekly presidential radio address. In continued until Trump "put it on hiatus" in 2018.	I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised that Trump did that. Did you know that FDR was the last president who could speak a foreign language fluently.
I didn't know that, but I'm not surprised that Trump did that. Did you know that FDR was the last president who could speak a foreign language fluently.	I did not know that. What I find interesting is that FDRs distant cousin Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the White House when he was President. I guess being a conservationist and the founder of the national park system, he could not be complicit in "tree murder".
I did not know that. What I find interesting is that FDRs distant cousin Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the White House when he was President. I guess being a conservationist and the founder of the national park system, he could not be complicit in "tree murder".	That is a very interesting fact. Another interesting fact is that Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the white house and then Reagan took them off when he became president.
That is a very interesting fact. Another interesting fact is that Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the white house and then Reagan took them off when he became president.	And, then Bush put them back on! Speaking of Reagan, it seems that Larry Kudlow was in the Reagan White House before rejoining government to be part of the Trump administration. Apparently, he strong supporter of Reagonamics: low taxes, low inflation, and free trade,
And, then Bush put them back on! Speaking of Reagan, it seems that Larry Kudlow was in the Reagan White House before rejoining government to be part of the Trump administration. Apparently, he strong supporter of Reagonamics: low taxes, low inflation, and free trade,	That is really interesting, but I find Jimmy Carter to be more interesting. He turned down all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.
That is really interesting, but I find Jimmy Carter to be more interesting. He turned down all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.	I was growing up during that era with the Iran crisis coupled with the oil crisis. Regardless of what you thought of his politics, he did lead by example. When he asked the nation to conserve energy by turning down the thermostat, he did so as well.
I was growing up during that era with the Iran crisis coupled with the oil crisis. Regardless of what you thought of his politics, he did lead by example. When he asked the nation to conserve energy by turning down the thermostat, he did so as well.	That is really cool. It's hard not to be mad at our president from time to time. Nobody is perfect. Did you know that if you mail a birth announcement to the White House they will send you a congratulations card back.
That is really cool. It's hard not to be mad at our president from time to time. Nobody is perfect. Did you know that if you mail a birth announcement to the White House they will send you a congratulations card back.	I did not know that. What are your thoughts on Trump and his push for tariffs on China and others? it seems to be at odds with the philosophy of his Director of National Economic Council Larry Kudrow.
I did not know that. What are your thoughts on Trump and his push for tariffs on China and others? it seems to be at odds with the philosophy of his Director of National Economic Council Larry Kudrow.	I don't pay a lot of attention to Trump or his directors, but I do pay attention to radio history and think that it's so cool that Bill Murray voiced the human torch on the fantastic four radio show in the 1970's.
I don't pay a lot of attention to Trump or his directors, but I do pay attention to radio history and think that it's so cool that Bill Murray voiced the human torch on the fantastic four radio show in the 1970's.	What I hope to do soon is to listen to the original Orson Welles broadcast of "The War of the Worlds". You can listen to it free on a website archive that has thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.
What I hope to do soon is to listen to the original Orson Welles broadcast of "The War of the Worlds". You can listen to it free on a website archive that has thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.	That would be such a cool thing to listen to and so would the music made by the sun. There is a radio station that translates the sun's solar activity and turns it into something you can listen to.
That would be such a cool thing to listen to and so would the music made by the sun. There is a radio station that translates the sun's solar activity and turns it into something you can listen to.	is that an AM or FM radio station? I did not know that about the sun. But I did recently learn that Jupiter has radio storms that are strong enough to be heard on AM radio. Do you think astronomers can forecast Jupiter's radio storms so that amateurs, such as myself, can know when to tune in and listen?
is that an AM or FM radio station? I did not know that about the sun. But I did recently learn that Jupiter has radio storms that are strong enough to be heard on AM radio. Do you think astronomers can forecast Jupiter's radio storms so that amateurs, such as myself, can know when to tune in and listen?	I think that would probably be possible and if not yet soon. Astronomers are always trying to discover new things. I like an astronomer would like to find a ventriloquist act from the 1930s that was played on the radio. Apparently it was one of the most popular radio acts.
I think that would probably be possible and if not yet soon. Astronomers are always trying to discover new things. I like an astronomer would like to find a ventriloquist act from the 1930s that was played on the radio. Apparently it was one of the most popular radio acts.	I could see that has being very unusual as well as having mass appeal. What I find odd is that a Finnish radio station has a weekly news program "Nuntii Latini" that is conducted entirely Latin. if my recollection from my college days is correct, Latin has not been spoken since about 500 AD! I wonder how many regular listeners does the show have?
I could see that has being very unusual as well as having mass appeal. What I find odd is that a Finnish radio station has a weekly news program "Nuntii Latini" that is conducted entirely Latin. if my recollection from my college days is correct, Latin has not been spoken since about 500 AD! I wonder how many regular listeners does the show have?	I wouldn't imagine it would be a lot, but I actually find Latin quite interesting. I like it when I come across a book that includes some Latin.
I wouldn't imagine it would be a lot, but I actually find Latin quite interesting. I like it when I come across a book that includes some Latin.	its been good chatting with you. I need to be getting ready to drive a float in a Mardi Gras parade down here in Louisiana.
its been good chatting with you. I need to be getting ready to drive a float in a Mardi Gras parade down here in Louisiana.	I agree, it was nice talking to you as well.
I agree, it was nice talking to you as well.	hi how are you? the sun is shining where I am. how about you?
hi how are you? the sun is shining where I am. how about you?	I'm doing well! Yes same here in Colorado! I wonder what it would be like if our sunset was blue like Mars?
I'm doing well! Yes same here in Colorado! I wonder what it would be like if our sunset was blue like Mars?	I guess that we would get used to it. who knows, with advances in technology, we might get all kinds of new sunsets on command.
I guess that we would get used to it. who knows, with advances in technology, we might get all kinds of new sunsets on command.	I agree with you on that one. Did you know helium was discovered on the sun before earth?
I agree with you on that one. Did you know helium was discovered on the sun before earth?	Helium is not very reactive and it could be quite rare on earth. it would be abundant on the sun, so i guess im not surprised. still interesting to know
Helium is not very reactive and it could be quite rare on earth. it would be abundant on the sun, so i guess im not surprised. still interesting to know	Do you like to watch football at all?
Do you like to watch football at all?	I sometimes do. I try to watch the super bowl. you?
I sometimes do. I try to watch the super bowl. you?	When I can I do. I think ESPN does it well with showing football games! They even track players somehow.
When I can I do. I think ESPN does it well with showing football games! They even track players somehow.	i know that they use chips to track a lot of things. i wonder who gets the data.
i know that they use chips to track a lot of things. i wonder who gets the data.	The players and football to be more specific! Yes that is a great question. Did you see how has the most wins at the Brown's stadium since 1999?
The players and football to be more specific! Yes that is a great question. Did you see how has the most wins at the Brown's stadium since 1999?	Since 1999? i have no idea.
Since 1999? i have no idea.	Ben Roethlisberger of the Pittsburgh Steelers lol. He wins like every time they play there haha.
Ben Roethlisberger of the Pittsburgh Steelers lol. He wins like every time they play there haha.	LOL. he plays for Pittsburgh, right? I dont keep track of the QBs much.
LOL. he plays for Pittsburgh, right? I dont keep track of the QBs much.	Yes he does, that is what makes it so funny lol. I think it's crazy how some quarterbacks have MLB contracts as well.
Yes he does, that is what makes it so funny lol. I think it's crazy how some quarterbacks have MLB contracts as well.	i dont know how well they play baseball, but i bet a qb is a good athlete in general.
i dont know how well they play baseball, but i bet a qb is a good athlete in general.	I agree with you on that one! I see they are even hiring rocket scientists to coach in the NFL now!
I agree with you on that one! I see they are even hiring rocket scientists to coach in the NFL now!	That is smart! A good brain makes for a good coach. I bet that guy can figure out a bunch of stuff.
That is smart! A good brain makes for a good coach. I bet that guy can figure out a bunch of stuff.	Well he didn't have a good year this year from what I remember, but it was only year 1 so who knows!
Well he didn't have a good year this year from what I remember, but it was only year 1 so who knows!	Im sure that things will improve as he adjusts. Anyway, great chat!
Im sure that things will improve as he adjusts. Anyway, great chat!	Great chat with you as well, enjoy the great weekend!
Great chat with you as well, enjoy the great weekend!	You too! Have a great weekend
You too! Have a great weekend	Thank you!
Thank you!	did you know the white house has the same buildings in both france and ireland
did you know the white house has the same buildings in both france and ireland	I have not heard that. It's amazing that the White House has been in residence since 1800
I have not heard that. It's amazing that the White House has been in residence since 1800	well it's also crazy because before 1805, the runner of in the election would become the vice president, so if that were still the case we'd have vice president hillary right now
well it's also crazy because before 1805, the runner of in the election would become the vice president, so if that were still the case we'd have vice president hillary right now	Yeah, I wonder how that would work out. Haha. In Guatemala, if you are related to a past president you cannot legally run for president. So Hillary would not even have been able to try if she was Guatemalan.
Yeah, I wonder how that would work out. Haha. In Guatemala, if you are related to a past president you cannot legally run for president. So Hillary would not even have been able to try if she was Guatemalan.	wow, I don't mind that rule actually, apparently trump wouldn't make it in the top 3 wealthiest presidents, although I wonder if that is adjusted for inflation or not
wow, I don't mind that rule actually, apparently trump wouldn't make it in the top 3 wealthiest presidents, although I wonder if that is adjusted for inflation or not	Yeah, must have adjusted for inflation. So there have been five presidents who have been elected while still losing the popular vote. I guess not only Trump. The largest margin isten percent.
Yeah, must have adjusted for inflation. So there have been five presidents who have been elected while still losing the popular vote. I guess not only Trump. The largest margin isten percent.	one thing I would like to see is trump releasing a pop album like the president of indonesia, it would probably be horrible but it would definitely be entertaining
one thing I would like to see is trump releasing a pop album like the president of indonesia, it would probably be horrible but it would definitely be entertaining	Yeah, it would be funny! I cannot believe the president of indonesia had time to release three albums. Hopefully it wasn't on the taxpayer's dime.
Yeah, it would be funny! I cannot believe the president of indonesia had time to release three albums. Hopefully it wasn't on the taxpayer's dime.	haha that is true, but it is better than teh president of zimbabwe getting called president banana, like was it becasue it was his favorite food? Or did he love wearing banana pins? who knows
haha that is true, but it is better than teh president of zimbabwe getting called president banana, like was it becasue it was his favorite food? Or did he love wearing banana pins? who knows	Hmm, yeah, I wonder the significance. Do you think the president should be able to speak foreign languages? The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR
Hmm, yeah, I wonder the significance. Do you think the president should be able to speak foreign languages? The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR	Wow, well it's an interesting question, I don't know with google translate and everything else, I don't think it's a good use of his time to learn a language, but if he knew it before becomign president then I don't think it hurts, what about you?
Wow, well it's an interesting question, I don't know with google translate and everything else, I don't think it's a good use of his time to learn a language, but if he knew it before becomign president then I don't think it hurts, what about you?	Well, I think knowing a foreign language before office shows he is global minded.
Well, I think knowing a foreign language before office shows he is global minded.	Well what is wild to me is that Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house because he was a conservationist, I like that guy a lot and never heard that
Well what is wild to me is that Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house because he was a conservationist, I like that guy a lot and never heard that	A lot of things surprise me. Lincoln was the first president who had an inauguration photo and John Wilkes Booth was in it.
A lot of things surprise me. Lincoln was the first president who had an inauguration photo and John Wilkes Booth was in it.	haha that is a scary premonition, also crazy that the president's guest house is bigger than the white house, like how is that possible?
haha that is a scary premonition, also crazy that the president's guest house is bigger than the white house, like how is that possible?	I would love to be a guest there. Apparently there was someone who loved the white house so much that they made a replica for their own private residence.
I would love to be a guest there. Apparently there was someone who loved the white house so much that they made a replica for their own private residence.	wow that is cool, what is not cool is the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files, like that seems so outdated to me
wow that is cool, what is not cool is the white house still uses floppy disks for storing files, like that seems so outdated to me	Wow, interesting. Speaking of technology, did you know solar panels have been around for a long time? Jimmy Carter installed some on the white house and Ronald Reagan removed them.
Wow, interesting. Speaking of technology, did you know solar panels have been around for a long time? Jimmy Carter installed some on the white house and Ronald Reagan removed them.	ha I didn't know that, I guess George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, which you wouldn't think it'd be him that would do that
ha I didn't know that, I guess George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, which you wouldn't think it'd be him that would do that	If you want to listen to solar activity, there is a radio station for that!
If you want to listen to solar activity, there is a radio station for that!	I'm going to check that out, I heard you can listen to Jupiter's solar storms on AM radio actually
I'm going to check that out, I heard you can listen to Jupiter's solar storms on AM radio actually	How are you? Did you know that a president is a title given to leaders of republican state?
How are you? Did you know that a president is a title given to leaders of republican state?	i had no clue!The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
i had no clue!The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana	Lol, that's not as crazy as the president of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums
Lol, that's not as crazy as the president of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums	I saw that too lol I wonder what kinda songs they were. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
I saw that too lol I wonder what kinda songs they were. Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.	Makes sense, I wish it stayed that the runner up became the vice president
Makes sense, I wish it stayed that the runner up became the vice president	That would've been nice. The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
That would've been nice. The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house	Lol, I wonder why the guest house is larger
Lol, I wonder why the guest house is larger	me too. The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france.
me too. The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france.	Nice. I'm surprised George W put solar panels on the white house, I would figured he wouldn't care
Nice. I'm surprised George W put solar panels on the white house, I would figured he wouldn't care	thats great! natural energy! Teddy roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned christmas trees from the white house
thats great! natural energy! Teddy roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned christmas trees from the white house	Teddy was an awesome president but were Christmas trees really need conservation back then?
Teddy was an awesome president but were Christmas trees really need conservation back then?	lol right! It took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011
lol right! It took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house on november 11, 2011	That's not good, neither is still using floppy disks
That's not good, neither is still using floppy disks	yeah, seems like there might be a better more reliable way to store data than floppy disks!
yeah, seems like there might be a better more reliable way to store data than floppy disks!	I wonder if what kind of radios they use and can pick up the finnish station that plays classical latin
I wonder if what kind of radios they use and can pick up the finnish station that plays classical latin	hmmm not sure. This is really interesting though.Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
hmmm not sure. This is really interesting though.Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.	I'd love to listen to Jupiter radio stores
I'd love to listen to Jupiter radio stores	maybe one of the stations play it lol Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.
maybe one of the stations play it lol Soldiers in wwii made simple radios using a razorblade and pencil as the diode, dubbing them foxhole radios.	That's pretty sweet. I wonder if they can pick up the Jupiter radio waves
That's pretty sweet. I wonder if they can pick up the Jupiter radio waves	According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian. I hope canadian music isnt all Justin Bieber. lol
According to canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be canadian. I hope canadian music isnt all Justin Bieber. lol	Lol. I gtg but it was nice talking with you
Lol. I gtg but it was nice talking with you	Hi. Did you know the US President's guest house is larger that the White House?
Hi. Did you know the US President's guest house is larger that the White House?	I think I did hear that somewhere. I bet they use it a lot as well.
I think I did hear that somewhere. I bet they use it a lot as well.	Also, the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called "banana". I wonder how he/she came about that name?
Also, the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called "banana". I wonder how he/she came about that name?	Another interesting fact. Heres one for you. Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. I think maybe he needs to stick to one job. What do you think.
Another interesting fact. Heres one for you. Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. I think maybe he needs to stick to one job. What do you think.	Yeah, make a choice. I can't believe that until 1805, the 2nd place person in a presidential election became VP. Can you see Trump working with Hillary? Yikes!
Yeah, make a choice. I can't believe that until 1805, the 2nd place person in a presidential election became VP. Can you see Trump working with Hillary? Yikes!	I would think there would be some tension in the oval office in that case. Lol. Maybe they would get more done if they were both in there together though. Maybe then it wouldnt be such a fight all the time between Dems and Republicans.
I would think there would be some tension in the oval office in that case. Lol. Maybe they would get more done if they were both in there together though. Maybe then it wouldnt be such a fight all the time between Dems and Republicans.	I doubt it. George W. Bush had to re-install solar panels - who took them off? He was preceded by the Clintons.
I doubt it. George W. Bush had to re-install solar panels - who took them off? He was preceded by the Clintons.	Your wondering who took them off and Im wondering who put them on. I bet it was The first George Bush.
Your wondering who took them off and Im wondering who put them on. I bet it was The first George Bush.	Dunno. Could be a maintenance thing... It's also amazing that it took the secret service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the WH in 2011. I bet Obama didn't like that.
Dunno. Could be a maintenance thing... It's also amazing that it took the secret service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the WH in 2011. I bet Obama didn't like that.	Yeah you would think the secret service would be on that sort of thing. I heard the white house still uses floppy disks in part for file storage. Wonder why they havent upgraded yet. I bet there is a good reason for it. Cant be lack of other alternatives or money.
Yeah you would think the secret service would be on that sort of thing. I heard the white house still uses floppy disks in part for file storage. Wonder why they havent upgraded yet. I bet there is a good reason for it. Cant be lack of other alternatives or money.	I can't image why. As an aside, can you believe that soldiers in WW I made radios out of razor blades and a pencil?
I can't image why. As an aside, can you believe that soldiers in WW I made radios out of razor blades and a pencil?	It's just crazy to think what a person can do with just the things he has in his possession. I kind of want to try to make one. Just to see if I can.
It's just crazy to think what a person can do with just the things he has in his possession. I kind of want to try to make one. Just to see if I can.	Remember the show MacGyver ? Now we have websites where one can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.
Remember the show MacGyver ? Now we have websites where one can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.	Yeah. That would be cool to hear. Just to listen to what they listened to back in the day. See a new perspective on things.
Yeah. That would be cool to hear. Just to listen to what they listened to back in the day. See a new perspective on things.	It would be cool to listen to Jupiter to. It has radio storms.
It would be cool to listen to Jupiter to. It has radio storms.	Another fun fact. In Canada all radios are required to have 40 percent Canadian music played on them. I dont see how they would enforce that law.
Another fun fact. In Canada all radios are required to have 40 percent Canadian music played on them. I dont see how they would enforce that law.	I didn't realize that radio waves could induce an AC current.
I didn't realize that radio waves could induce an AC current.	I didnt know that either. Guess you learn something new every day. Huh.
I didnt know that either. Guess you learn something new every day. Huh.	Yep. Like Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the WH. He was an environmentalist that was ahead of his time.
Yep. Like Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees in the WH. He was an environmentalist that was ahead of his time.	Yeah I dont see that as being ahead of your time. I see that as being a scrooge.I mean come on you could have a fake tree at least.
Yeah I dont see that as being ahead of your time. I see that as being a scrooge.I mean come on you could have a fake tree at least.	I didn't think of that. You've been an excellent chat-mate. Thanks!
I didn't think of that. You've been an excellent chat-mate. Thanks!	Hello
Hello	Hi. What do you think about Mr. Corallo's (Trump administration) claim?
Hi. What do you think about Mr. Corallo's (Trump administration) claim?	I would tend to believe that if faced with testimony under oath he would probably be telling the truth that there was an undisclosed conference call. Your thoughts?
I would tend to believe that if faced with testimony under oath he would probably be telling the truth that there was an undisclosed conference call. Your thoughts?	I think so. They would not want to be in trouble in order to protect Trump.
I think so. They would not want to be in trouble in order to protect Trump.	I think if most people faced jail time they wouldn't protect their boss.
I think if most people faced jail time they wouldn't protect their boss.	Why would you protect your boss if they were wrong? Do you think Hope Hicks knows something illegal?
Why would you protect your boss if they were wrong? Do you think Hope Hicks knows something illegal?	She was there for all the Trump criminality. She would have to testify under oath. I think she has information.
She was there for all the Trump criminality. She would have to testify under oath. I think she has information.	Washington Post seems to have sources from inside the white house.
Washington Post seems to have sources from inside the white house.	They are a really well sourced news organization. So it would not be surprising at all.
They are a really well sourced news organization. So it would not be surprising at all.	So, do you believe Mr. Corallo?
So, do you believe Mr. Corallo?	I would have to say that I do. Do you?
I would have to say that I do. Do you?	I do. He does not want to be in trouble by lying.
I do. He does not want to be in trouble by lying.	I wouldn't be want to get screwed by the boss.
I wouldn't be want to get screwed by the boss.	I would not either. So, what do you thing about Papadopulos?
I would not either. So, what do you thing about Papadopulos?	I think he cut a plea deal that gave him a good opportunity to evade most of the penalties he could face.
I think he cut a plea deal that gave him a good opportunity to evade most of the penalties he could face.	He did not want to go in front of the jury. He could be found guilty and be jailed for a long time.
He did not want to go in front of the jury. He could be found guilty and be jailed for a long time.	But instead he escaped with just 14 days in jail.
But instead he escaped with just 14 days in jail.	That was so insignificant.
That was so insignificant.	The time was or what?
The time was or what?	14 days in jail.
14 days in jail.	Oh, you are right about that.
Oh, you are right about that.	Good afternoon there partner. Have you ever seen the White House? I really want to go to Washington DC to check it out one day.
Good afternoon there partner. Have you ever seen the White House? I really want to go to Washington DC to check it out one day.	I have not but apparently you don't just have to go to Washington to see it. they have twin building, ones in France and Ireland.
I have not but apparently you don't just have to go to Washington to see it. they have twin building, ones in France and Ireland.	Guess you could see it in France and Ireland too!
Guess you could see it in France and Ireland too!	Wonder why they have them there? You know they still use floppy disk at the White House.
Wonder why they have them there? You know they still use floppy disk at the White House.	I'm curious too. Wow how does they even use floppy disk? So outdated! At least George Bush tried to update it by putting solar panels on the back of the whitehouse.
I'm curious too. Wow how does they even use floppy disk? So outdated! At least George Bush tried to update it by putting solar panels on the back of the whitehouse.	Yeah that's a good idea, lead by example right! Do you know who the top 3 richest presidents were?
Yeah that's a good idea, lead by example right! Do you know who the top 3 richest presidents were?	Exactly. Yes I do actually they were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. However trumps about to trump that list LOL.
Exactly. Yes I do actually they were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. However trumps about to trump that list LOL.	In his mine I'm sure he thinks he's already at the top. You know there use to be a law they made it so the runner up in the election automatically became the VP. Can you imagine?
In his mine I'm sure he thinks he's already at the top. You know there use to be a law they made it so the runner up in the election automatically became the VP. Can you imagine?	Ha ha no nothing would ever get done. Hillary Clinton and President Trump what a terrible combo LOL.
Ha ha no nothing would ever get done. Hillary Clinton and President Trump what a terrible combo LOL.	right sounds like a fantastic reality show though right! lol. You know the guess house is actually bigger than the white house.
right sounds like a fantastic reality show though right! lol. You know the guess house is actually bigger than the white house.	Yeah why is that? I bet Hillary and trump would have fought over who gets the bigger guest house.
Yeah why is that? I bet Hillary and trump would have fought over who gets the bigger guest house.	To funny! Hey the President of Zimbabwe is named Banana. I think it's his real name.
To funny! Hey the President of Zimbabwe is named Banana. I think it's his real name.	Oh that is hilarious! And the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office! So many interesting presidents.
Oh that is hilarious! And the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums while in office! So many interesting presidents.	Yeah can you imagine trump singing pop, lol! That president most have been really good he had 3 pop albums, wow!
Yeah can you imagine trump singing pop, lol! That president most have been really good he had 3 pop albums, wow!	Yeah I wonder what his stage name was? Or if they played him on the radio? If he was Canadian they definitely would since they play 40% Canadian on the radios.
Yeah I wonder what his stage name was? Or if they played him on the radio? If he was Canadian they definitely would since they play 40% Canadian on the radios.	Right, lol! Apparently the storms on Jupiter are so strong they can be picked up on AM radio.
Right, lol! Apparently the storms on Jupiter are so strong they can be picked up on AM radio.	Very cool I wonder what that sounds like? In Finland there is a program that broadcast entirely in Latin.
Very cool I wonder what that sounds like? In Finland there is a program that broadcast entirely in Latin.	I don't speak Latin, so you know, lol! Soldiers use to make radios out pencils and razors in WW2
I don't speak Latin, so you know, lol! Soldiers use to make radios out pencils and razors in WW2	Yeah that's really cool they were called Foxhole radios. Very innovative of them. Well it was great talking with you today I hope you have a good evening.
Yeah that's really cool they were called Foxhole radios. Very innovative of them. Well it was great talking with you today I hope you have a good evening.	You too Thanks! In parting Roosevelt had the Christmas trees banned from the White House.
You too Thanks! In parting Roosevelt had the Christmas trees banned from the White House.	What a buzzkill! Bye!
What a buzzkill! Bye!	do you like the NFL?
do you like the NFL?	i sure do. did you know women can play too?
i sure do. did you know women can play too?	Yes there is no rule against them in a written format
Yes there is no rule against them in a written format	Yes as long as they qualify, they get to play
Yes as long as they qualify, they get to play	Fair enough. the average game play is only 11 minutes
Fair enough. the average game play is only 11 minutes	Yeah it is pretty short, we spend a lot of time waiting for the game to end
Yeah it is pretty short, we spend a lot of time waiting for the game to end	Yeah I now. Did you know engineers make more though over their lifetime?
Yeah I now. Did you know engineers make more though over their lifetime?	yes I guess they do have longer careers though
yes I guess they do have longer careers though	Yes that is a good point. Did you hear of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yes that is a good point. Did you hear of that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes and worst, they have to leave midmeal if they walk in
Yes and worst, they have to leave midmeal if they walk in	Yes it is sexist and it really needs to go
Yes it is sexist and it really needs to go	I agree, it is about time stuff like that does not exist anymore
I agree, it is about time stuff like that does not exist anymore	Yeah. Do you like Brady?
Yeah. Do you like Brady?	I like him yes. Did you know he was a backup QB?
I like him yes. Did you know he was a backup QB?	Yes and he was never started, what a loss of talent
Yes and he was never started, what a loss of talent	True. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
True. Do you know who Alex Smith is?	Yes he is a QB who completed college in two years
Yes he is a QB who completed college in two years	Yeah he took a lot of ap courses in high school
Yeah he took a lot of ap courses in high school	Yes smart kid , really planned ahead for his career
Yes smart kid , really planned ahead for his career	Yeah. DO you know much about the sun?
Yeah. DO you know much about the sun?	I know that it is white and we perceive it as yellow
I know that it is white and we perceive it as yellow	Hey did you hear how Trump called illegal immigrants animals recently
Hey did you hear how Trump called illegal immigrants animals recently	Hi, how are you? Did he? I'm not surprised. He shoots off his mouth a lot. He probably call them something different next time.
Hi, how are you? Did he? I'm not surprised. He shoots off his mouth a lot. He probably call them something different next time.	Yeah he was referring to the MS-13 gang people but still that's quite a thing to call a human being in my opinion
Yeah he was referring to the MS-13 gang people but still that's quite a thing to call a human being in my opinion	Yes, but his followers love to hear him spout that kind of insult. It doesn't hurt him. It solidifies his base, so he doesn't stop.
Yes, but his followers love to hear him spout that kind of insult. It doesn't hurt him. It solidifies his base, so he doesn't stop.	Well do you ever listen to him talk? For instance on the radio?
Well do you ever listen to him talk? For instance on the radio?	I don't go out of my way, but he seems to infiltrate every medium. Twitter is the worst.
I don't go out of my way, but he seems to infiltrate every medium. Twitter is the worst.	Yep he's all over Twitter. I want to listen to Jupiter make a radio storm on the a.m. Radio though, I haven't heard that yet
Yep he's all over Twitter. I want to listen to Jupiter make a radio storm on the a.m. Radio though, I haven't heard that yet	I wonder what it sounds like. Probably better than Trump's noise.
I wonder what it sounds like. Probably better than Trump's noise.	Haha yep I could see that. Do you ever listen to the radio in Canada? Apparently 40% of all Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin
Haha yep I could see that. Do you ever listen to the radio in Canada? Apparently 40% of all Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin	That is CanCon. The Canadian Content law. It protects Canadian artists, I guess. But with the Internet, who knows.
That is CanCon. The Canadian Content law. It protects Canadian artists, I guess. But with the Internet, who knows.	Yeah that's interesting, I don't know that there is that much good Canadian music but I don't know because I don't live in Canada LOL what do you think about a radio station that broadcasts news in classical Latin
Yeah that's interesting, I don't know that there is that much good Canadian music but I don't know because I don't live in Canada LOL what do you think about a radio station that broadcasts news in classical Latin	I figure that there is not much to do in Finland but study dead languages.
I figure that there is not much to do in Finland but study dead languages.	Haha that's a good point. What about the website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free? Do you think those are any good
Haha that's a good point. What about the website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free? Do you think those are any good	They are old but probably an interesting study in media. How to convey drama and suspense with voice, sfx, and music.
They are old but probably an interesting study in media. How to convey drama and suspense with voice, sfx, and music.	Yeah they are definitely a little bit ancient but there could be something good in there, what do you think about the president? I already know you don't like him but do you know who the top three richest of all time were?
Yeah they are definitely a little bit ancient but there could be something good in there, what do you think about the president? I already know you don't like him but do you know who the top three richest of all time were?	Not him. He probably would insist that he is the top three himself. All three spots. Probably JFK. His dad made money on liquor during Prohibition.
Not him. He probably would insist that he is the top three himself. All three spots. Probably JFK. His dad made money on liquor during Prohibition.	Yeah I could see that, and I think the other two actually had slaves so I'm sure that helps, what do you think about the president of Zimbabwe though? You think he's rich
Yeah I could see that, and I think the other two actually had slaves so I'm sure that helps, what do you think about the president of Zimbabwe though? You think he's rich	He has a silly nickname- I wonder if he is rich. Would be worth looking into, since Zimbabwe is such a poor country.
He has a silly nickname- I wonder if he is rich. Would be worth looking into, since Zimbabwe is such a poor country.	Yeah I think you're right. Do you think we should go back to the 1805 rules for vice president though? We would have vice president Hillary Clinton right now if we did
Yeah I think you're right. Do you think we should go back to the 1805 rules for vice president though? We would have vice president Hillary Clinton right now if we did	It could work...NOT. It would be funny but a waste of time. Then again, govt is often a waste of time. Anyway, great chat!
It could work...NOT. It would be funny but a waste of time. Then again, govt is often a waste of time. Anyway, great chat!	Thank you you too, and watch out for imposter white houses, they have twin buildings of it both in Ireland and France, don't get confused LOL
Thank you you too, and watch out for imposter white houses, they have twin buildings of it both in Ireland and France, don't get confused LOL	hi
hi	Hello, did you ever hear much about Spygate in the news? I didn't hear any of this shocking information.
Hello, did you ever hear much about Spygate in the news? I didn't hear any of this shocking information.	sorry i don't hear
sorry i don't hear	The FBI was spying on and potentially manipulating the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign, according to the article!
The FBI was spying on and potentially manipulating the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign, according to the article!	yes it's really shocked
yes it's really shocked	I wish we could get a more friendly president like Jimmy Carter who turned the thermostats down to like 65 degrees when he was president in 1977. There werent controversies like these days back then with Jimmy
I wish we could get a more friendly president like Jimmy Carter who turned the thermostats down to like 65 degrees when he was president in 1977. There werent controversies like these days back then with Jimmy	i think you know Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.
i think you know Until 1805 in the us, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president.	Wow, that is a pretty balanced idea, come to think of it! I could just imagine the back-and-forth, such as when Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the white house, and the very next president, Raegan, took them off of the white house again.
Wow, that is a pretty balanced idea, come to think of it! I could just imagine the back-and-forth, such as when Jimmy Carter put solar panels on the white house, and the very next president, Raegan, took them off of the white house again.	yes it's good idea
yes it's good idea	Agreed! It might even be better than when they cast Bill Murray as the Human Torch in the 1970s Fantastic Four radio show! Now, that was a great casting!
Agreed! It might even be better than when they cast Bill Murray as the Human Torch in the 1970s Fantastic Four radio show! Now, that was a great casting!	it's good Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin
it's good Since 1989 a finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' - a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin	Wow! That is startling, and what a great effort of those people to uphold a classy and artistic idea like that. Another great radio program, is this station that translates solar activity into sound and so listeners can actually hear the sun turned into music.
Wow! That is startling, and what a great effort of those people to uphold a classy and artistic idea like that. Another great radio program, is this station that translates solar activity into sound and so listeners can actually hear the sun turned into music.	thank you happy weekend
thank you happy weekend	Happy weekend to you too! Bing Crosby radio music is perfect for the holidays and was played every other song back in 1948. So, you know it's quality. Check out those Christmas classics of his, they're wonderful!
Happy weekend to you too! Bing Crosby radio music is perfect for the holidays and was played every other song back in 1948. So, you know it's quality. Check out those Christmas classics of his, they're wonderful!	yea sure
yea sure	Times a waistin'! Christmas will be over before you know it. Go out and enjoy that Bing Crosby.
Times a waistin'! Christmas will be over before you know it. Go out and enjoy that Bing Crosby.	same too you
same too you	One of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist, a fact which baffled contemporary critics.
One of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s was a ventriloquist, a fact which baffled contemporary critics.	happy weekend have a blast day
happy weekend have a blast day	you too, have a wonderful time!
you too, have a wonderful time!	thank you
thank you	Hi, do you know much about presidents?
Hi, do you know much about presidents?	Common title for head of state, but can mean different things depending the type of government What do yo have in mind?
Common title for head of state, but can mean different things depending the type of government What do yo have in mind?	I have heard of the Indonesia one who is also a pop star
I have heard of the Indonesia one who is also a pop star	That would be Elvis, not to be confused with President Banana, first Pres of Zimbabwe.
That would be Elvis, not to be confused with President Banana, first Pres of Zimbabwe.	Yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though
Yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	Oh, I am sure it is a moniker of utmost respect and admiration... The functions of the President can vary between government structures. Perhaps in Zimbabwe, the President has power limited to oversight of long, yellow fruit.
Oh, I am sure it is a moniker of utmost respect and admiration... The functions of the President can vary between government structures. Perhaps in Zimbabwe, the President has power limited to oversight of long, yellow fruit.	Yeah cannot rule that out. Do you know who the wealthiest us presidents are?
Yeah cannot rule that out. Do you know who the wealthiest us presidents are?	Can't say that I do. George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, so he is probably not in the top three... Who would you say?
Can't say that I do. George W Bush put solar panels on the white house, so he is probably not in the top three... Who would you say?	Well it seems it is JFK, Washington and Jefferson
Well it seems it is JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Interesting.Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house, due to his staunch conservationist streak. I wonder where he was ranked in wealth?
Interesting.Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house, due to his staunch conservationist streak. I wonder where he was ranked in wealth?	Wow that is going all the way. They still use floppy discs in the white house
Wow that is going all the way. They still use floppy discs in the white house	Well, the secret service didn't even realize for 4 days that the white house had been hit by bullets in 2011. So, yeah, they are behind the times in DC.
Well, the secret service didn't even realize for 4 days that the white house had been hit by bullets in 2011. So, yeah, they are behind the times in DC.	Yeah I am surprised by that as well, strange isn't it? It seems the white house is not the only one, there are others in Ireland and France
Yeah I am surprised by that as well, strange isn't it? It seems the white house is not the only one, there are others in Ireland and France	Yeah, but President Bananas House is probably yellow! I wonder if the Guest houses in Ireland and France are also bigger than their respective white houses too?
Yeah, but President Bananas House is probably yellow! I wonder if the Guest houses in Ireland and France are also bigger than their respective white houses too?	Good point there. Do you listen to the radio much?
Good point there. Do you listen to the radio much?	Daily. I especially like to listen to Finnish radio broadcasts of the news spoken in classical Latin. Great radio to put you to sleep!
Daily. I especially like to listen to Finnish radio broadcasts of the news spoken in classical Latin. Great radio to put you to sleep!	Haha I guess if you do not speak the language. I want to find that channel that picks up Jupiter's storms
Haha I guess if you do not speak the language. I want to find that channel that picks up Jupiter's storms	Yeah, but it is not a Canadian station. They require 40% of all music played on their stations to be of Canadian origin, and I don't think there is any hockey on Jupiter yet.
Yeah, but it is not a Canadian station. They require 40% of all music played on their stations to be of Canadian origin, and I don't think there is any hockey on Jupiter yet.	That seems like a lot but I guess they like to support national talent. Have you heard of foxhole radios?
That seems like a lot but I guess they like to support national talent. Have you heard of foxhole radios?	Oh, yeah! Weren't those things fashioned out of pencils and razor blades?
Oh, yeah! Weren't those things fashioned out of pencils and razor blades?	Yeah exactly those ones, quite interesting. Nice chat
Yeah exactly those ones, quite interesting. Nice chat	do you know much about the white house?
do you know much about the white house?	I know that Carter kept the temperature really low there during winter
I know that Carter kept the temperature really low there during winter	WOw. Did you know there are white houses in other countries?
WOw. Did you know there are white houses in other countries?	Really, which countries would that be?
Really, which countries would that be?	One is in Ireland and the other in France
One is in Ireland and the other in France	Nice. Their first phone number was 1
Nice. Their first phone number was 1	How fitting Roosevelt did not allow christmas trees in when he was in power
How fitting Roosevelt did not allow christmas trees in when he was in power	WOw. Kimmy Carter was the first one to install solar panels there
WOw. Kimmy Carter was the first one to install solar panels there	Nice. Then someone took them out because Bush put them back in later
Nice. Then someone took them out because Bush put them back in later	Nice. Did you know you can get a congratulations card from the white house if you mail a birth announcement
Nice. Did you know you can get a congratulations card from the white house if you mail a birth announcement	That is so cool, you can frame it and keep it forever
That is so cool, you can frame it and keep it forever	True. There is a replica of it in Atlanta somewhere
True. There is a replica of it in Atlanta somewhere	Nice. Did you know the white house was shot on 2011 and it took them four days to find that out?
Nice. Did you know the white house was shot on 2011 and it took them four days to find that out?	Wow that is scary that even they were not able to see that
Wow that is scary that even they were not able to see that	I know. Do you know when it was built?
I know. Do you know when it was built?	In 1800. Wilson is the only president with a PhD degree
In 1800. Wilson is the only president with a PhD degree	Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest US presidents are?
Nice. Do you know who the three wealthiest US presidents are?	Hmmm I have no idea, who would that be?
Hmmm I have no idea, who would that be?	It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington
It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington	Nice. Do you know who was the last president to speak a foreign language in the US?
Nice. Do you know who was the last president to speak a foreign language in the US?	Hmmm I am not sure but I know that the president of Indonesia is a pop star
Hmmm I am not sure but I know that the president of Indonesia is a pop star	The White House is a place with a lot of history, its located in Washington D.C.
The White House is a place with a lot of history, its located in Washington D.C.	it still uses floppy disks in part for storing files
it still uses floppy disks in part for storing files	I guess floppy discs are safer than new tech, the secret service made a big mistake back in the year 20111, they didnt realize bullets had struck the White House
I guess floppy discs are safer than new tech, the secret service made a big mistake back in the year 20111, they didnt realize bullets had struck the White House	I know right, It is an amazing building with a lot of meaning to us as Americans. Have you ever been to Washington DC before? I guess that it has twin buildings in france and Ireland.
I know right, It is an amazing building with a lot of meaning to us as Americans. Have you ever been to Washington DC before? I guess that it has twin buildings in france and Ireland.	I have, I think the white house is great and really? I bet if they are a lot different from the orginal
I have, I think the white house is great and really? I bet if they are a lot different from the orginal	I'm not sure about the one in France, I have been to France many times and I have never heard of it before. I'll certainly look it up.
I'm not sure about the one in France, I have been to France many times and I have never heard of it before. I'll certainly look it up.	I think I will look that up as well, did you know that the White House has solar panels thanks to George W. Bush
I think I will look that up as well, did you know that the White House has solar panels thanks to George W. Bush	Impressive, even if it's an old historical magnificent building they managed to make it environment friendly as well. It's wonderful how each and every president add their personal touch. Just like Teddy Roosevelt when he banned the Christmas trees.
Impressive, even if it's an old historical magnificent building they managed to make it environment friendly as well. It's wonderful how each and every president add their personal touch. Just like Teddy Roosevelt when he banned the Christmas trees.	Seems like Roosevelt really wanted to be conservational, did you hear about the president of Indonesia, the one that released 3 pop albums
Seems like Roosevelt really wanted to be conservational, did you hear about the president of Indonesia, the one that released 3 pop albums	ahahah that is kind of funny, another president in Zimbabwe is called Banana
ahahah that is kind of funny, another president in Zimbabwe is called Banana	That is funny, Banana? I wonder if thats just like a nickname,
That is funny, Banana? I wonder if thats just like a nickname,	You never know. Do yo still listen to the radio or it's just social media like the majority of everyone else?
You never know. Do yo still listen to the radio or it's just social media like the majority of everyone else?	We shoulnd make fun of Banana, and I do listen to the radio, evey day when I go to work
We shoulnd make fun of Banana, and I do listen to the radio, evey day when I go to work	I don't, I just listen to podcasts on my phone. there are websites where you can listen to radio for free
I don't, I just listen to podcasts on my phone. there are websites where you can listen to radio for free	I heard about that site, there are thousands of drama episodes there, did you hear about that Canadian rule concerning music in the radio
I heard about that site, there are thousands of drama episodes there, did you hear about that Canadian rule concerning music in the radio	I did, they reqire to have at least
I did, they reqire to have at least	At least 40% of the music, I think its a great law, really promotes local talen,
At least 40% of the music, I think its a great law, really promotes local talen,	it does, Canadian music is great. some other countries however promote other kinds of music, like in Finland. a radio station had weekly programs to play classical latin music
it does, Canadian music is great. some other countries however promote other kinds of music, like in Finland. a radio station had weekly programs to play classical latin music	That sounds like a really boring game,
That sounds like a really boring game,	that is right, but that was back in 1989.
that is right, but that was back in 1989.	Oh I see, I guess its not around anymore, few people understand latin so I dont think its a popular radio show
Oh I see, I guess its not around anymore, few people understand latin so I dont think its a popular radio show	It's been a pleasure talking to you.
It's been a pleasure talking to you.	Its been good talking to you as well, I will look into that latin news show wonder how much it lasted.
Its been good talking to you as well, I will look into that latin news show wonder how much it lasted.	Hi do you know many presidential facts?
Hi do you know many presidential facts?	I love president facts! Do you know the three wealthiest presidents?
I love president facts! Do you know the three wealthiest presidents?	I don't know them. Is Trump one of them?
I don't know them. Is Trump one of them?	Surpsingly no! It was JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Surpsingly no! It was JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Interesting. Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?
Interesting. Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?	I heard he was called president Banana! I wonder why?
I heard he was called president Banana! I wonder why?	You got it! I have no idea why they called him that.
You got it! I have no idea why they called him that.	Have you heard about the US president guest house?
Have you heard about the US president guest house?	I didn't even know that there was a presidential guest house.
I didn't even know that there was a presidential guest house.	Me either. But apparently it is larger than the white house.
Me either. But apparently it is larger than the white house.	Wow. Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.
Wow. Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president.	That is interesting because they probably had very opposing views.
That is interesting because they probably had very opposing views.	I bet they did. The President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
I bet they did. The President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!	I love when presidents do things like that! Makes them seem like normal people.
I love when presidents do things like that! Makes them seem like normal people.	Yes! I just read that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
Yes! I just read that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.	I never knew that. I have been to ireland and did not see it. I wonder where it is.
I never knew that. I have been to ireland and did not see it. I wonder where it is.	I'm not sure. I'm going to look it up later today. The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.
I'm not sure. I'm going to look it up later today. The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files.	That is shocking. I have never used a floppy disk!
That is shocking. I have never used a floppy disk!	I remember them...I even used the big ones before they had the smaller ones. Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the white house. That was a good thing. I had fun chatting!
I remember them...I even used the big ones before they had the smaller ones. Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the white house. That was a good thing. I had fun chatting!	You too. I am going to look into getting a floppy disk.
You too. I am going to look into getting a floppy disk.	haha Have a great day!
haha Have a great day!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Oh, I'm great. Just kicking back and listening to the radio. Do you radios?
Oh, I'm great. Just kicking back and listening to the radio. Do you radios?	i used to when i was younger, they are a bit outdated now
i used to when i was younger, they are a bit outdated now	The idea of radio waves is fascinating to me. Systematically modulating electromagnetic energy waves lets me listen to anything I want! I think it's pretty cool!
The idea of radio waves is fascinating to me. Systematically modulating electromagnetic energy waves lets me listen to anything I want! I think it's pretty cool!	that is pretty cool, very complex. jupiter apparently has its own radio waves, who could have guessed that
that is pretty cool, very complex. jupiter apparently has its own radio waves, who could have guessed that	Yes! I've heard that Jupiter's radio storms are so strong that we can pick them up and hear them on AM radio!
Yes! I've heard that Jupiter's radio storms are so strong that we can pick them up and hear them on AM radio!	that is crazy, because that is pretty old technology all things considered
that is crazy, because that is pretty old technology all things considered	You know, soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode! Isn't that creative?
You know, soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode! Isn't that creative?	that sure is, desperate times call for desperate measure I suppose
that sure is, desperate times call for desperate measure I suppose	There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio drama episodes for free. I tried it for awhile, but it's not for me. Lately I've been listening to some radio shows about presidential history. Does that interest you at all?
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of classic radio drama episodes for free. I tried it for awhile, but it's not for me. Lately I've been listening to some radio shows about presidential history. Does that interest you at all?	i am really into presidents, the president of indonesia has 3 pop albums!
i am really into presidents, the president of indonesia has 3 pop albums!	I wonder if they play them on Indonesian radio?!
I wonder if they play them on Indonesian radio?!	maybe they do, i imagine they have to be pretty popular being he is in charge
maybe they do, i imagine they have to be pretty popular being he is in charge	Could be. In Canda there is a law that all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. He could make a law that radio stations had to play his songs! Could you imagine a pop star president in the United States? I don't think we've had one of those... yet
Could be. In Canda there is a law that all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian. He could make a law that radio stations had to play his songs! Could you imagine a pop star president in the United States? I don't think we've had one of those... yet	Haha imagine Trump controlling the radio station, that would be entertaining regardless of what side you are on
Haha imagine Trump controlling the radio station, that would be entertaining regardless of what side you are on	The White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files, I feel like they'll never get it together to be radio stars!
The White House still uses floppy disks in part for storing files, I feel like they'll never get it together to be radio stars!	wow, maybe they are just secure as they are physical media? otherwise I cannot think of a good reason for that
wow, maybe they are just secure as they are physical media? otherwise I cannot think of a good reason for that	I don't know. I know they've had solar panels on the White House at some points in time so they're not entirely in the technology dark ages.
I don't know. I know they've had solar panels on the White House at some points in time so they're not entirely in the technology dark ages.	fair enough, that is a positive, bush at least did us a service with that move
fair enough, that is a positive, bush at least did us a service with that move	Indeed. I wonder if the twin buildings that exist in Ireland and France also had solar panels?
Indeed. I wonder if the twin buildings that exist in Ireland and France also had solar panels?	That is a good question, if they are exact replicas I feel like they kind of have to right?
That is a good question, if they are exact replicas I feel like they kind of have to right?	That's my opinion, too. I wonder if they have matching bullet holes. Did you know it took the Secret Service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the White House on November 11, 2011?
That's my opinion, too. I wonder if they have matching bullet holes. Did you know it took the Secret Service 4 days to realize that bullets had struck the White House on November 11, 2011?	i did not, but that is a scary thought since i always assumed they know everything about anything, I guess not though. Well, have a great rest of your night!
i did not, but that is a scary thought since i always assumed they know everything about anything, I guess not though. Well, have a great rest of your night!	Do you know anything about Zimbabwe?
Do you know anything about Zimbabwe?	not really, you?
not really, you?	Just a little bit. I know their first president was called President
Just a little bit. I know their first president was called President	did you know the U.S. president's guest house is bigger then the white house?
did you know the U.S. president's guest house is bigger then the white house?	I had heard that. The Zimbabwe thing was President Banana! I wonder how wealthy he was.
I had heard that. The Zimbabwe thing was President Banana! I wonder how wealthy he was.	yeah, and the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office
yeah, and the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office	That is interesting. Do you know anything more about the White House?
That is interesting. Do you know anything more about the White House?	i know it is official residence and workplace of the president
i know it is official residence and workplace of the president	What is the address of the building?
What is the address of the building?	1600 Pennsylvania ave NW Washington D.C.
1600 Pennsylvania ave NW Washington D.C.	Who was the first president to live there?
Who was the first president to live there?	John Adams in 1800!
John Adams in 1800!	Cool. Did you know presidents still use classic technology?
Cool. Did you know presidents still use classic technology?	i heard they still use floppy disks for storing files
i heard they still use floppy disks for storing files	Even with that, George W. Bush had solar panels reinstalled on the building.
Even with that, George W. Bush had solar panels reinstalled on the building.	cool, and teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees because he was a staunch conservationist
cool, and teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees because he was a staunch conservationist	I wonder if they listen to the radio in the white house.
I wonder if they listen to the radio in the white house.	maybe, canadian law requires radios to have at least 40% music played be canadian
maybe, canadian law requires radios to have at least 40% music played be canadian	True, although that doesn't have much to do with the united states! That will all change with websites, though.
True, although that doesn't have much to do with the united states! That will all change with websites, though.	true, nice chat
true, nice chat	I think I'm going to try and build one of those razorblades and pencil radios. Have a good one!
I think I'm going to try and build one of those razorblades and pencil radios. Have a good one!	Hello. Apparently, Kennedy, Washington and Jefferson were the top three wealthiest presidents.
Hello. Apparently, Kennedy, Washington and Jefferson were the top three wealthiest presidents.	Hello, Trump is definitely number one on the wealthiest presidents list! Thats interesting though!
Hello, Trump is definitely number one on the wealthiest presidents list! Thats interesting though!	Apparently, until 1804, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary being Trump's vice president. The administration would be more chaotic that what it is now.
Apparently, until 1804, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary being Trump's vice president. The administration would be more chaotic that what it is now.	Yeah, that would be a train wreck, I don't think they would make a good team at all. Did you know the president's guest house is bigger than the white house?
Yeah, that would be a train wreck, I don't think they would make a good team at all. Did you know the president's guest house is bigger than the white house?	Yes, I did. I do not understand why the guest house is bigger than the White House. Shouldn't it be the other way around?
Yes, I did. I do not understand why the guest house is bigger than the White House. Shouldn't it be the other way around?	Yeah thats what I thought! Did you know the white house has 2 twin buildings?
Yeah thats what I thought! Did you know the white house has 2 twin buildings?	Are you talking about the ones in Ireland and France, or at a different location?
Are you talking about the ones in Ireland and France, or at a different location?	Yes, those are the ones! I wonder what they are used for and why would they want a duplicate of it lol
Yes, those are the ones! I wonder what they are used for and why would they want a duplicate of it lol	I have been curious about it too. Perhaps I will research further later.
I have been curious about it too. Perhaps I will research further later.	I hear the white house still uses floppy disks to store files!
I hear the white house still uses floppy disks to store files!	Yes, it sounds ancient. I wonder why they are still using floppy disks.
Yes, it sounds ancient. I wonder why they are still using floppy disks.	I have no clue, I hope they have a lot of security for it!
I have no clue, I hope they have a lot of security for it!	Probably they do not, because it took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house in November 2011.
Probably they do not, because it took the secret service four days to realize that bullets had struck the white house in November 2011.	Oh right, I did read about that, that is very unsettling!
Oh right, I did read about that, that is very unsettling!	What other interesting facts do you know about our presidents, the white house, etc.?
What other interesting facts do you know about our presidents, the white house, etc.?	I recently learned that Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house.
I recently learned that Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the white house.	Perhaps he was concerned about the environment. George Bush had solar panels put back at the White House after being removed during the Reagan administration.
Perhaps he was concerned about the environment. George Bush had solar panels put back at the White House after being removed during the Reagan administration.	Thats interesting, good call on the solar panels! Cheaper too!
Thats interesting, good call on the solar panels! Cheaper too!	So, apparently Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist - I was surprised. I would like to chat longer but I've got to run now. Nice chatting with you.
So, apparently Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist - I was surprised. I would like to chat longer but I've got to run now. Nice chatting with you.	Great talking to you, have a good one.
Great talking to you, have a good one.	Good night.
Good night.	Hi, do you like radio programs?
Hi, do you like radio programs?	I don't listen to them much, but I like listening to music on the radio. What about you?
I don't listen to them much, but I like listening to music on the radio. What about you?	I love radio programs. And i love the white house.
I love radio programs. And i love the white house.	Do you like the president, or just what the White House represents?
Do you like the president, or just what the White House represents?	Yeah, I like presidents. I especially liked Obama- he was great president.
Yeah, I like presidents. I especially liked Obama- he was great president.	I like a lot of the older presidents. Washington was a great man.
I like a lot of the older presidents. Washington was a great man.	John Adams was a great man.
John Adams was a great man.	I agree. All the Founding Fathers contributed a lot to the country, and several of them were president. It is fitting that the presidents have had the White House to live in.
I agree. All the Founding Fathers contributed a lot to the country, and several of them were president. It is fitting that the presidents have had the White House to live in.	Yes, Do you know the guest house is bigger then white house?
Yes, Do you know the guest house is bigger then white house?	That's surprising. Maybe it is so large groups of visitors can stay there, while only the president and his family and helpers stay in the White House.
That's surprising. Maybe it is so large groups of visitors can stay there, while only the president and his family and helpers stay in the White House.	Okay, who is your favorite president?
Okay, who is your favorite president?	I really like Abraham Lincoln for his work during the Civil War when he freed the slaves. I also like the stories about Theodore Roosevelt and how tough he was. Who is your favorite?
I really like Abraham Lincoln for his work during the Civil War when he freed the slaves. I also like the stories about Theodore Roosevelt and how tough he was. Who is your favorite?	Abraham Lincoln and Obama are my favorite presidents.
Abraham Lincoln and Obama are my favorite presidents.	We both like Abraham Lincoln! That is great. He was so important to America that he ended up on the penny.
We both like Abraham Lincoln! That is great. He was so important to America that he ended up on the penny.	Abraham Lincoln changed the world. The emancipation proclamation was symbolic in nature. it freed the slaves in the south. however, since the south was not part of the union, it had no effect in the south. however it made it clear to the world that president lincoln wanted slavery to end.
Abraham Lincoln changed the world. The emancipation proclamation was symbolic in nature. it freed the slaves in the south. however, since the south was not part of the union, it had no effect in the south. however it made it clear to the world that president lincoln wanted slavery to end.	That's true. He was important to the whole world, not only America. The end of slavery in the United States sent a message to the world about what the country wanted, and the war to end slavery showed what it was willing to do to achieve that.
That's true. He was important to the whole world, not only America. The end of slavery in the United States sent a message to the world about what the country wanted, and the war to end slavery showed what it was willing to do to achieve that.	Yes, we will always remember him as great man.
Yes, we will always remember him as great man.	It would be great if we could have more presidents like him.
It would be great if we could have more presidents like him.	Yes. You like Obama?
Yes. You like Obama?	I think there were some good things and some bad things about his presidency, but I think he had good intentions for the country overall.
I think there were some good things and some bad things about his presidency, but I think he had good intentions for the country overall.	Okay. Do you know white house constructed started in 1792.
Okay. Do you know white house constructed started in 1792.	I didn't. It's strange to think that the first president lived somewhere else for part of his term! It's something I will read more about later. It was good talking to you!
I didn't. It's strange to think that the first president lived somewhere else for part of his term! It's something I will read more about later. It was good talking to you!	hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?
hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?	I'm doing great thanks how are you? The radio is cool. Especially how it uses electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space and produce sound.
I'm doing great thanks how are you? The radio is cool. Especially how it uses electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space and produce sound.	It is a great invention. it dates from way back. i dont listen much now. i used to as a kid.
It is a great invention. it dates from way back. i dont listen much now. i used to as a kid.	Yes me too. It's becoming kind of outdated. In World War II the soldiers made a radio using a razor blade and a pencil.
Yes me too. It's becoming kind of outdated. In World War II the soldiers made a radio using a razor blade and a pencil.	How did they do that? that is miraculous. i would never be able to do that. i wonder what they listened to.
How did they do that? that is miraculous. i would never be able to do that. i wonder what they listened to.	Very miraculous. I'm not sure what they listen to on the foxhole radios.
Very miraculous. I'm not sure what they listen to on the foxhole radios.	The news in Latin? i hear that is popular in some corners of the world.
The news in Latin? i hear that is popular in some corners of the world.	Possibly. Yes you're right they must be very smart in Finland.
Possibly. Yes you're right they must be very smart in Finland.	I guess. I wonder how many people actually listen. still, the show has been around since 1989
I guess. I wonder how many people actually listen. still, the show has been around since 1989	That is a long time. I didn't think many people spoke Latin. If you listen to the a.m. radio sometimes you can hear Jupiter's radio storms.
That is a long time. I didn't think many people spoke Latin. If you listen to the a.m. radio sometimes you can hear Jupiter's radio storms.	the storms might be more interesting that the news in latin. I would rather listen to old radio dramas, frankly.
the storms might be more interesting that the news in latin. I would rather listen to old radio dramas, frankly.	Ha ha I agree with you there. Have you heard of that website where you can listen to thousands of radio dramas for free? I wish I could tell you the name but I don't know.
Ha ha I agree with you there. Have you heard of that website where you can listen to thousands of radio dramas for free? I wish I could tell you the name but I don't know.	I dont know the name. i wonder about the average age of the visitor to the site. i cant imagine young people going there.
I dont know the name. i wonder about the average age of the visitor to the site. i cant imagine young people going there.	Yes I would agree with you. I wonder if anyone in the White House has ever use that site? The White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France for some reason.
Yes I would agree with you. I wonder if anyone in the White House has ever use that site? The White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France for some reason.	I think those two countries have had a close relationship with the US. maybe there are fans there?
I think those two countries have had a close relationship with the US. maybe there are fans there?	Yes that's a good guess. I think is so crazy that the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files.
Yes that's a good guess. I think is so crazy that the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files.	the govt is woefully behind the rest of the world. maybe it helps prevent hacking? i dont know why they dont upgrade.
the govt is woefully behind the rest of the world. maybe it helps prevent hacking? i dont know why they dont upgrade.	Yes maybe so. George Bush put solar panels on the back of the White House. Good to know he cares about renewable energy.
Yes maybe so. George Bush put solar panels on the back of the White House. Good to know he cares about renewable energy.	I know that carter put them on, and reagan took them off. strange to me. solar energy seems so simple.
I know that carter put them on, and reagan took them off. strange to me. solar energy seems so simple.	Yes I agree it seems so simple but I guess some people don't understand it. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House because he wanted to conserve the trees. Pretty cool. Well I really enjoyed talking with you this afternoon. Thanks!
Yes I agree it seems so simple but I guess some people don't understand it. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House because he wanted to conserve the trees. Pretty cool. Well I really enjoyed talking with you this afternoon. Thanks!	Yes, great chat! Have a good day!
Yes, great chat! Have a good day!	Have a good one!
Have a good one!	Are you comfortable talking about the government?
Are you comfortable talking about the government?	Sure, I think trump should be President Banana, instead of the President of Zimbabwe.
Sure, I think trump should be President Banana, instead of the President of Zimbabwe.	What do you think about Trump insulting immigrants?
What do you think about Trump insulting immigrants?	I don't like him. I wish he hadn't been elected. His propaganda needs to be censored.
I don't like him. I wish he hadn't been elected. His propaganda needs to be censored.	It's sad that he used to make so many offensive comments about immigrants.
It's sad that he used to make so many offensive comments about immigrants.	Yep, and he's not even among the top three wealthiest presidents.
Yep, and he's not even among the top three wealthiest presidents.	Regardless, it is sad how he and hillary were the only candidates for the last election
Regardless, it is sad how he and hillary were the only candidates for the last election	I agree. I think we need to have a president and the vp be the runner up, like it used to be.
I agree. I think we need to have a president and the vp be the runner up, like it used to be.	I wouldn't want hillary and trump to have the two highest positions of power though
I wouldn't want hillary and trump to have the two highest positions of power though	I'm more concerned that it took the Secret Service four days to realize bullets had struck the White House.
I'm more concerned that it took the Secret Service four days to realize bullets had struck the White House.	Isn't the white house more for show? That's why it has twin buildings and its guest house is larger than the main part
Isn't the white house more for show? That's why it has twin buildings and its guest house is larger than the main part	What do you mean it has twin buildings? It's a residence, office building, and has a museum.
What do you mean it has twin buildings? It's a residence, office building, and has a museum.	I mean that there are identical white houses in ireland and france. same construction anyway
I mean that there are identical white houses in ireland and france. same construction anyway	Same architect, I think. They (the white house) still use floppy disks for storing files. I don't even know where to buy them.
Same architect, I think. They (the white house) still use floppy disks for storing files. I don't even know where to buy them.	Well floppy disks are so ancient they are ironically a good security measure
Well floppy disks are so ancient they are ironically a good security measure	Such a weird one. I wonder if they are stored in the Presidents guest house, since it is bigger than the White House?
Such a weird one. I wonder if they are stored in the Presidents guest house, since it is bigger than the White House?	I mean even the nukes are run with floppy disks which are practically impossible for hackers to hack into unlike sometimes the newest of software and tech
I mean even the nukes are run with floppy disks which are practically impossible for hackers to hack into unlike sometimes the newest of software and tech	George Bush installed solar panels, I wonder if they are still there?
George Bush installed solar panels, I wonder if they are still there?	They probably are. I see no reason to take then down
They probably are. I see no reason to take then down	trump takes everything down. I find it hilarious that teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees.
trump takes everything down. I find it hilarious that teddy roosevelt banned christmas trees.	I wonder if they still can't bring christmas trees into the white house? Thanks for chatting and I hope you have a nice day.
I wonder if they still can't bring christmas trees into the white house? Thanks for chatting and I hope you have a nice day.	Hello there, I hope you are doing well today. Did you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
Hello there, I hope you are doing well today. Did you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	The first president of Zimbabwe was know as President Banana, I wonder if he looked like one or just liked bananas a lot
The first president of Zimbabwe was know as President Banana, I wonder if he looked like one or just liked bananas a lot	Good call you're right. Yeah I wonder why, I think his actual name was close to banana so that was his nickname, I could be wrong though.
Good call you're right. Yeah I wonder why, I think his actual name was close to banana so that was his nickname, I could be wrong though.	Maybe, not as strange as the President of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while still in office though
Maybe, not as strange as the President of indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while still in office though	Yeah I wonder how good or probably how bad those albums actually were.
Yeah I wonder how good or probably how bad those albums actually were.	Well they must of been good if the President released 3 albums unless he was a dictator and forced people to buy his pop albums
Well they must of been good if the President released 3 albums unless he was a dictator and forced people to buy his pop albums	Yeah I'm sure they sold like crazy and he made a lot of money for himself.
Yeah I'm sure they sold like crazy and he made a lot of money for himself.	Yea that is a good way to make money but I'm sure it was nowhere near as close as the three wealthiest US president JFK, Washington, or Jefferson
Yea that is a good way to make money but I'm sure it was nowhere near as close as the three wealthiest US president JFK, Washington, or Jefferson	Yeah imagine how wealthy Jefferson actually was way back then.
Yeah imagine how wealthy Jefferson actually was way back then.	Yea, too bad they couldn't use their money to make the white house larger than the guest house
Yea, too bad they couldn't use their money to make the white house larger than the guest house	Yeah isn't that funny, imagine all the guests from other countries that come to stay what they think.
Yeah isn't that funny, imagine all the guests from other countries that come to stay what they think.	Yea, the White House needs an upgrade, they still use floppy disks for storing files
Yea, the White House needs an upgrade, they still use floppy disks for storing files	Holy cow that is crazy. I didn't even think you could buy those things anywhere.
Holy cow that is crazy. I didn't even think you could buy those things anywhere.	yea, I don't what's worse still using floppy disks or the secret service taking four days to realize someone shot the white house
yea, I don't what's worse still using floppy disks or the secret service taking four days to realize someone shot the white house	Yeah I would say both are horrible but the four days is just the worst.
Yeah I would say both are horrible but the four days is just the worst.	Yea that's pretty bad but at least George W Bush reinstalled solar panels back on the White House so it wouldn't be completely outdated
Yea that's pretty bad but at least George W Bush reinstalled solar panels back on the White House so it wouldn't be completely outdated	Yeah that was a good move, more places especially for profit companies need to install more.
Yeah that was a good move, more places especially for profit companies need to install more.	Yea, I wonder what types of radios they have in the White House, I know a regular radio can pick up radio storms from Jupiter so I wonder what a White House radio could do
Yea, I wonder what types of radios they have in the White House, I know a regular radio can pick up radio storms from Jupiter so I wonder what a White House radio could do	Yeah I wonder if they have a secret giant radio that can pick up everything.
Yeah I wonder if they have a secret giant radio that can pick up everything.	I bet they get all the radio stations and can listen to 'nunti latinibeing' broadcast in classical latin from Finland
I bet they get all the radio stations and can listen to 'nunti latinibeing' broadcast in classical latin from Finland	Yeah I bet they listen to that all the time to be honest. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Yeah I bet they listen to that all the time to be honest. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Hello! Pretty good. Do you like the radio?
Hello! Pretty good. Do you like the radio?	I used to listen to it a lot when I was younger, not much anymore. what about you?
I used to listen to it a lot when I was younger, not much anymore. what about you?	You know, kind of similar. but I still find it very interesting.. you can do amazing things with it , like listening to Jupiter radio storms
You know, kind of similar. but I still find it very interesting.. you can do amazing things with it , like listening to Jupiter radio storms	you can listen to radio storms from jupiter? that is crazy, what do you think they sound like?
you can listen to radio storms from jupiter? that is crazy, what do you think they sound like?	That is a good question, It seems you can find out by using the AM in the radio. I would like to find out
That is a good question, It seems you can find out by using the AM in the radio. I would like to find out	i would too, ill give it a shot one of these days. apparently in canada, 40% of the music has to be canadian on the radio
i would too, ill give it a shot one of these days. apparently in canada, 40% of the music has to be canadian on the radio	That is true and that is by law..It is a great advantage for canadian artists
That is true and that is by law..It is a great advantage for canadian artists	i suppose so, it probably hurts american sales a little bit too since they speak the same language of course
i suppose so, it probably hurts american sales a little bit too since they speak the same language of course	You are right! did you know about a very bizarre program in finnish radio?
You are right! did you know about a very bizarre program in finnish radio?	no, i am not familiar with that, what is it about?
no, i am not familiar with that, what is it about?	There is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a Latin news program since 1989
There is a Finnish radio station that broadcasts a Latin news program since 1989	that is odd, must have been one dedicated person that felt the need to do that I guess. there are a lot of odd things like that in the world
that is odd, must have been one dedicated person that felt the need to do that I guess. there are a lot of odd things like that in the world	Yes, things that you would never think exists! like a website where you can hear a lot of radio dramas for free! did you ever hear radio dramas?
Yes, things that you would never think exists! like a website where you can hear a lot of radio dramas for free! did you ever hear radio dramas?	no i have not, are they like soap operas but in radio form?
no i have not, are they like soap operas but in radio form?	Yas, i heard some long time ago and my parents and grand parents are very familiar with that.. I bet if the songs that the president of indonesia has written are very popular on the radio!
Yas, i heard some long time ago and my parents and grand parents are very familiar with that.. I bet if the songs that the president of indonesia has written are very popular on the radio!	is that the guy who has released 3 pop albums?
is that the guy who has released 3 pop albums?	that is right, and it was while in office!!
that is right, and it was while in office!!	that is so awesome, I could have seen Obama do that. Apparently JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the three richest presidents in history
that is so awesome, I could have seen Obama do that. Apparently JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the three richest presidents in history	That is right!! Did you know if any of the US presidents think the White House is too small, they can always to to their guest house which is bigger!
That is right!! Did you know if any of the US presidents think the White House is too small, they can always to to their guest house which is bigger!	that is odd, I wonder if it was much larger or just a few square feet larger. Well, it was nice chatting with you, have a great night!
that is odd, I wonder if it was much larger or just a few square feet larger. Well, it was nice chatting with you, have a great night!	Do you still listen to the radio?
Do you still listen to the radio?	I sure do! I've even herd that there are radio storms so strong on Jupiter they can be heard on an AM radio.
I sure do! I've even herd that there are radio storms so strong on Jupiter they can be heard on an AM radio.	I wonder how the Canadians deal with that, since they have content laws.
I wonder how the Canadians deal with that, since they have content laws.	I've heard that! At least 40% of the music has to be from a Canadian artist.
I've heard that! At least 40% of the music has to be from a Canadian artist.	Yes. I wonder if Canadian soldiers made foxhole radios like the Americans in WWII.
Yes. I wonder if Canadian soldiers made foxhole radios like the Americans in WWII.	Somehow I doubt they thought to use a pencil and a razor blade to make a radio like the WWII soldiers did.
Somehow I doubt they thought to use a pencil and a razor blade to make a radio like the WWII soldiers did.	It is amazing how far we have come, with classic radio dramas now free on the Internet.
It is amazing how far we have come, with classic radio dramas now free on the Internet.	Yes, I love that. I've heard there are 100's of episodes for free.
Yes, I love that. I've heard there are 100's of episodes for free.	That is true, but none of them are in Classical Latin!
That is true, but none of them are in Classical Latin!	Not that I'm aware of. Although I know there is a station in Finland that has, since 1989 broadcast a weekly news program in Latin.
Not that I'm aware of. Although I know there is a station in Finland that has, since 1989 broadcast a weekly news program in Latin.	Speaking of the news, I heard the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
Speaking of the news, I heard the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!	That is crazy!! And speaking of crazy, how crazy is it that the Indonesian President has released 3 pop albums while President.
That is crazy!! And speaking of crazy, how crazy is it that the Indonesian President has released 3 pop albums while President.	Perhaps he is trying to become as wealthy as JFK, Washington or Jefferson.
Perhaps he is trying to become as wealthy as JFK, Washington or Jefferson.	Yes, it is possible. I wonder how all of our Presidents have felt about the White House being smaller than the guest house?
Yes, it is possible. I wonder how all of our Presidents have felt about the White House being smaller than the guest house?	Probably a lot better since they no longer have to worry about the Vice President being the person they just finished defeating in an election.
Probably a lot better since they no longer have to worry about the Vice President being the person they just finished defeating in an election.	Could you even imagine? We really are lucky that since 1805 the rule has changed and the election loser is no longer the VP!
Could you even imagine? We really are lucky that since 1805 the rule has changed and the election loser is no longer the VP!	Speaking of the White House, Did you know it has twins in Ireland and France? I guess that makes them triplets.
Speaking of the White House, Did you know it has twins in Ireland and France? I guess that makes them triplets.	I guess it does. That's cool. I am shocked that bullets struck the White house in 2011 and it took the Secret Service four days to realize it.
I guess it does. That's cool. I am shocked that bullets struck the White house in 2011 and it took the Secret Service four days to realize it.	Technology lags in government! The White House still uses floppy disks!
Technology lags in government! The White House still uses floppy disks!	That is really odd. No more odd than Roosevelt banning Christmas trees from the White House because he was a conservationist.
That is really odd. No more odd than Roosevelt banning Christmas trees from the White House because he was a conservationist.	Thanks for the Chat! I need to be like George W. Bush and check my solar panels now!
Thanks for the Chat! I need to be like George W. Bush and check my solar panels now!	Nice chatting with you too!
Nice chatting with you too!	Did you know that Trump is not among the 3 most wealthiest potus'?
Did you know that Trump is not among the 3 most wealthiest potus'?	I believe I did hear that. Even so, I'd like to have some of his money. I think it's admirable that he refuses to accept a salary.
I believe I did hear that. Even so, I'd like to have some of his money. I think it's admirable that he refuses to accept a salary.	Especially if he really needs the money! But hey, JFK inherited his wealth too.
Especially if he really needs the money! But hey, JFK inherited his wealth too.	Yes, and others. The most surprising to me, I think was George Washington. Is that correct?
Yes, and others. The most surprising to me, I think was George Washington. Is that correct?	Yeah, he inherited land from his father. But he paid his dues as a General. If he wanted a house as big as the President's guest house, which is really huge, I think we all could spare some money for him.
Yeah, he inherited land from his father. But he paid his dues as a General. If he wanted a house as big as the President's guest house, which is really huge, I think we all could spare some money for him.	Woodrow Wilson was the only president to earn a PHD.
Woodrow Wilson was the only president to earn a PHD.	Wow. Nobody's going to mistake him for President Banana.
Wow. Nobody's going to mistake him for President Banana.	I think it's interesting that Trump got so much publicity on his "Fake News" rhetoric. Many journalists should consider that and straighten up, don't you think?
I think it's interesting that Trump got so much publicity on his "Fake News" rhetoric. Many journalists should consider that and straighten up, don't you think?	Well, if they were to print what Trump thinks is true, they'd be saying that the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan. At that point, we'd all be better moving to Indonesia, where the worst thing the President does is release pop albums.
Well, if they were to print what Trump thinks is true, they'd be saying that the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan. At that point, we'd all be better moving to Indonesia, where the worst thing the President does is release pop albums.	Ha.I never heard that Trump agrees with USSR invading Afghanistan. I do think the media is out to disprove everything Trump says. They have a real problem with him. Right from the start, he made enemies of the NY Times.
Ha.I never heard that Trump agrees with USSR invading Afghanistan. I do think the media is out to disprove everything Trump says. They have a real problem with him. Right from the start, he made enemies of the NY Times.	Yeah, he really did say it. Google it. I think Trump has a love/hate relationship with the NY Times. He never tried to ban them like he did with CNN's access to the White House.
Yeah, he really did say it. Google it. I think Trump has a love/hate relationship with the NY Times. He never tried to ban them like he did with CNN's access to the White House.	Perhaps. Of course, Obama and Bush had their problems with the new media, too.
Perhaps. Of course, Obama and Bush had their problems with the new media, too.	Sure. But they also had problems with the Russian new media. Trump, not so much. "Very unpatriotic" is projection.
Sure. But they also had problems with the Russian new media. Trump, not so much. "Very unpatriotic" is projection.	Well, it's true that most Americans have negative feelings toward the media.
Well, it's true that most Americans have negative feelings toward the media.	If thats true, maybe there is nothing wrong with being the "enemy of the people"
If thats true, maybe there is nothing wrong with being the "enemy of the people"	It all depends upon what you can believe. Gallup poll indicates an all time low in regard to journalists. NY Times said they had to post guards at their building.
It all depends upon what you can believe. Gallup poll indicates an all time low in regard to journalists. NY Times said they had to post guards at their building.	Well as long as the Press is more truthful than the President (who I believe is very untruthful), they'll remain as much an American Institution as 1600 Penn Ave.
Well as long as the Press is more truthful than the President (who I believe is very untruthful), they'll remain as much an American Institution as 1600 Penn Ave.	Oh yes! Where would we be without both. It's up to the individual to determine who is leading the country in truth. I'm sure there's enough finger pointing to go around.
Oh yes! Where would we be without both. It's up to the individual to determine who is leading the country in truth. I'm sure there's enough finger pointing to go around.	well at least we are not Canada, where radio stations must play Canadian music
well at least we are not Canada, where radio stations must play Canadian music	Ha. That's real control. USA is still the best country to be in. Come what may. What would we do without the radio and TV broadcasters.
Ha. That's real control. USA is still the best country to be in. Come what may. What would we do without the radio and TV broadcasters.	mover to Canada, i guess
mover to Canada, i guess	Have you ever seen Hope Hicks? I think she's very attractive.
Have you ever seen Hope Hicks? I think she's very attractive.	No, I haven't, is she an actress or a performer or something?
No, I haven't, is she an actress or a performer or something?	She was Trump's assistant. The gatekeeper. Apparently he tried to get her to lie and now that might bring him down
She was Trump's assistant. The gatekeeper. Apparently he tried to get her to lie and now that might bring him down	Ahhh... okay, didn't know that. Just Googled her and yes, she is rather attractive! :)
Ahhh... okay, didn't know that. Just Googled her and yes, she is rather attractive! :)	Yeah..the rest of the WH staff have the potential to be on the radio
Yeah..the rest of the WH staff have the potential to be on the radio	Speaking of the white house, did you know they still use floopy disks in part for storing files? I've read that the paperwork to get a new computer for a staff member takes forever to go through, so that's why so many things are so outdated... but still, floppy disks? Wonder if it's 3 1/2 or 5 1/4 (or maybe both!)
Speaking of the white house, did you know they still use floopy disks in part for storing files? I've read that the paperwork to get a new computer for a staff member takes forever to go through, so that's why so many things are so outdated... but still, floppy disks? Wonder if it's 3 1/2 or 5 1/4 (or maybe both!)	The way things are going they probably use a bonfire more. The guy's got investigations coming out of the wazoo
The way things are going they probably use a bonfire more. The guy's got investigations coming out of the wazoo	Dunno... they've spent 35 million and nearly two years investigating this and that, and yet still, no big bombshells or smoking guns. i'm not sure if there's much behind it but media hype...
Dunno... they've spent 35 million and nearly two years investigating this and that, and yet still, no big bombshells or smoking guns. i'm not sure if there's much behind it but media hype...	I think the treason is in plain sight. Trump said the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan! The meeting in Trump tower may be treason as Bannon says, but this one we don't have to take anyone's word
I think the treason is in plain sight. Trump said the USSR was right to invade Afghanistan! The meeting in Trump tower may be treason as Bannon says, but this one we don't have to take anyone's word	Did you know they call the President of Indonesia King Banana? Not sure if that's his last name or a nickname. Kind of like "top banana" but I found that funny. Hehe
Did you know they call the President of Indonesia King Banana? Not sure if that's his last name or a nickname. Kind of like "top banana" but I found that funny. Hehe	Didnt he release 3 pop albums?
Didnt he release 3 pop albums?	Actually, I think that was the President of Indonesia. He released the album while actually serving in office. That's pretty neat. Can't imagine any of the recent US Presidents doing pop albums... hehe.
Actually, I think that was the President of Indonesia. He released the album while actually serving in office. That's pretty neat. Can't imagine any of the recent US Presidents doing pop albums... hehe.	Hey...the US President is a reality tv star. if Stormy Daniels runs, I'm moving to Canada...where I will listen to Canadian music on the radio because that is all they play
Hey...the US President is a reality tv star. if Stormy Daniels runs, I'm moving to Canada...where I will listen to Canadian music on the radio because that is all they play	Speaking of radio, they have radio storms on Jupiter so strong you can hear them on AM radio. I wonder what they sound like? I'll have to Google that sometime..
Speaking of radio, they have radio storms on Jupiter so strong you can hear them on AM radio. I wonder what they sound like? I'll have to Google that sometime..	it sounds like "nuntili Latini"...though its all Greek to me.
it sounds like "nuntili Latini"...though its all Greek to me.	I remember years I bought a set of cassette tapes (dunno if you remember those) at a store of "X Minus One" an old sci-fi radio show from like the 50s. It was pretty neat listening to them, really lets you imagination take over. Now you can download a lot of those old shows online...
I remember years I bought a set of cassette tapes (dunno if you remember those) at a store of "X Minus One" an old sci-fi radio show from like the 50s. It was pretty neat listening to them, really lets you imagination take over. Now you can download a lot of those old shows online...	Wow. Everything for free on the internet. I feel as rich as JFK, G.Washington, and T.Jefferson....the 3 richest Potus' of all time.
Wow. Everything for free on the internet. I feel as rich as JFK, G.Washington, and T.Jefferson....the 3 richest Potus' of all time.	Yeah, from what I understand, Washington has a lot of land holdings and stuff. I read an article recently about how much various presidents are worth before and after they became President, fascinating stuff...
Yeah, from what I understand, Washington has a lot of land holdings and stuff. I read an article recently about how much various presidents are worth before and after they became President, fascinating stuff...	I would think that the poor (clinton) got richer but the rich (Bush) got poorer. Could be wrong. After all, I never thought a potus would ban Christmas trees from the white house...but Teddy did
I would think that the poor (clinton) got richer but the rich (Bush) got poorer. Could be wrong. After all, I never thought a potus would ban Christmas trees from the white house...but Teddy did	Yeah, I heard about that... he was big into conversation and stuff. The guy created a lot of national parks and stuff. They had a bit on Comedy Central's Drunk History about this camping trip he took with John Muir. Funny stuff!
Yeah, I heard about that... he was big into conversation and stuff. The guy created a lot of national parks and stuff. They had a bit on Comedy Central's Drunk History about this camping trip he took with John Muir. Funny stuff!	W put solar panels on the WH. Teddy would've approved.
W put solar panels on the WH. Teddy would've approved.	Yeah, I think so. It's funny, a bit of history there too... Carter put them up first, Regan took them down, then GWB put them back up. Its kind of funny how President keep trying trying to "undo" what the previous ones have done, for better or worse...
Yeah, I think so. It's funny, a bit of history there too... Carter put them up first, Regan took them down, then GWB put them back up. Its kind of funny how President keep trying trying to "undo" what the previous ones have done, for better or worse...	it's like one big George Costanza opposite philosophy. Take care now
it's like one big George Costanza opposite philosophy. Take care now	Do you like Trump as president?
Do you like Trump as president?	Sure, I've also met Larry Kudlow.
Sure, I've also met Larry Kudlow.	The conservative commentator? he is on the CNBC network right?
The conservative commentator? he is on the CNBC network right?	He used to be. I went to school around DC. I've met a bunch of these people.
He used to be. I went to school around DC. I've met a bunch of these people.	You have? that's great so you can provide with a deeper focus on the matter.
You have? that's great so you can provide with a deeper focus on the matter.	He's actually fairly charasmatic. He knows his stuff on macroeconomics a lot better than you would think.
He's actually fairly charasmatic. He knows his stuff on macroeconomics a lot better than you would think.	He does? thats new, I guess he is a really smart man, I wonder if he has a radio show, do you listen to the radion?
He does? thats new, I guess he is a really smart man, I wonder if he has a radio show, do you listen to the radion?	Not anymore. But that is because I take the subway to work now. If I drove I would. What about you?
Not anymore. But that is because I take the subway to work now. If I drove I would. What about you?	I do, I listen to the radio on my way to work everyday did you hear about that Canadian law?
I do, I listen to the radio on my way to work everyday did you hear about that Canadian law?	That they make canadian stations play 40% Canadian music?
That they make canadian stations play 40% Canadian music?	Yeah thats the one, what are your thoughts on the law?
Yeah thats the one, what are your thoughts on the law?	I think it is weird, but what do I know?
I think it is weird, but what do I know?	I think its a great law, supports local talent and then local artists can grow and their music becomes popular.
I think its a great law, supports local talent and then local artists can grow and their music becomes popular.	Interesting. I don't know of any Canadian bands to be honest.
Interesting. I don't know of any Canadian bands to be honest.	I do know Bieber and Drake and I bet there are a few more great ones out there.
I do know Bieber and Drake and I bet there are a few more great ones out there.	I didn't know Drake was from there. Did you know you can hear Jupiter's radio storms on AM radio?
I didn't know Drake was from there. Did you know you can hear Jupiter's radio storms on AM radio?	Yeah his Canadian and no I didnt know that, that must be really cool but also a bit boring after a while.
Yeah his Canadian and no I didnt know that, that must be really cool but also a bit boring after a while.	Yeah. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razorblade and a pencil?
Yeah. Did you know you can make a radio out of a razorblade and a pencil?	I didnt know that, I wonder if thats a handy skill for soldiers to learn. could come in handy during war time
I didnt know that, I wonder if thats a handy skill for soldiers to learn. could come in handy during war time	Yeah, definetly it could I think that is where it was developed. Well, nice chatting with you!
Yeah, definetly it could I think that is where it was developed. Well, nice chatting with you!	Yeah could be the reason anyways its been great chatting with you as well, thanks for all and have a good day.
Yeah could be the reason anyways its been great chatting with you as well, thanks for all and have a good day.	Hey there partner. Isn't it crazy that we choose one leader to make decisions for 350 million people in our country!
Hey there partner. Isn't it crazy that we choose one leader to make decisions for 350 million people in our country!	Yeah that is interesting. Luckily we don't automatically let the runner up in a presidential election become vice president anymore. That would be...interesting!
Yeah that is interesting. Luckily we don't automatically let the runner up in a presidential election become vice president anymore. That would be...interesting!	Yeah that would make things very interesting indeed. At least we don't have an authoritarian regime with a dictator.
Yeah that would make things very interesting indeed. At least we don't have an authoritarian regime with a dictator.	Or how about a president who has released three pop albums while in office?
Or how about a president who has released three pop albums while in office?	Yeah what a boss! Indonesia must be the place to be.
Yeah what a boss! Indonesia must be the place to be.	I actually love Indonesia but had no idea about the pop albums. So JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the top three wealthiest presidents in our US history. Maybe this list was made before Trump?
I actually love Indonesia but had no idea about the pop albums. So JFK, Washington and Jefferson were the top three wealthiest presidents in our US history. Maybe this list was made before Trump?	Yeah it definitely must have been. I wonder if Zimbabwe has had any other presidents with fruit nicknames LOL?
Yeah it definitely must have been. I wonder if Zimbabwe has had any other presidents with fruit nicknames LOL?	Ha, I wonder why the President of Zimbabwe was called president Banana. Ah, and I am curious as to why the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files!
Ha, I wonder why the President of Zimbabwe was called president Banana. Ah, and I am curious as to why the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files!	Yeah what the heck! And why do they have twin buildings in Ireland and France?
Yeah what the heck! And why do they have twin buildings in Ireland and France?	Haha, yeah, I will have to look into that more. Because there is plenty of nice architecture in that country, why would they have to mimic ours?
Haha, yeah, I will have to look into that more. Because there is plenty of nice architecture in that country, why would they have to mimic ours?	Yeah I don't understand. I think it's cool that George Bush put solar panels on the back of the White House though. I assume this was only on the White House in Washington DC!
Yeah I don't understand. I think it's cool that George Bush put solar panels on the back of the White House though. I assume this was only on the White House in Washington DC!	Haha! Well that's cool. I guess the White House's appearance changes slightly with each president's election. Teddy Roosevelt wouldn't let Christmas trees be in the white house.
Haha! Well that's cool. I guess the White House's appearance changes slightly with each president's election. Teddy Roosevelt wouldn't let Christmas trees be in the white house.	I think I will nickname him the Grinch! It once took the Secret Service four days to realize that bullet's struck the White House on November 11, 2011.
I think I will nickname him the Grinch! It once took the Secret Service four days to realize that bullet's struck the White House on November 11, 2011.	Oh, well that doesn't give me much faith! Wonder if you are allowed to listen to the radio in the white house?
Oh, well that doesn't give me much faith! Wonder if you are allowed to listen to the radio in the white house?	Yeah I bet they are! Wonder if anyone has ever listened to that broadcast that is entirely in Latin?
Yeah I bet they are! Wonder if anyone has ever listened to that broadcast that is entirely in Latin?	I wonder how many people can understand that! I wonder if at the white house you could access the website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. It would not interest me but I'm sure would interest many.
I wonder how many people can understand that! I wonder if at the white house you could access the website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. It would not interest me but I'm sure would interest many.	Yeah that's a good question I would like to know that as well. I think it's really cool that soldiers and in World War II made radios using a razor blade and a pencil.
Yeah that's a good question I would like to know that as well. I think it's really cool that soldiers and in World War II made radios using a razor blade and a pencil.	Nice, wonder if they could pick up Jupiter's storms? Probably not, but you can pick them up on an AM radio.
Nice, wonder if they could pick up Jupiter's storms? Probably not, but you can pick them up on an AM radio.	I wonder what that sounds like? I bet they wouldn't allow it on Canadian radio because it's not technically Canadian!
I wonder what that sounds like? I bet they wouldn't allow it on Canadian radio because it's not technically Canadian!	Haha, when I think of Canadian music I think of Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Drake, but there have to be more since all radios need to play 40% of music of Canadian origin.
Haha, when I think of Canadian music I think of Celine Dion, Justin Bieber, Drake, but there have to be more since all radios need to play 40% of music of Canadian origin.	Yeah otherwise it would get real repetitive. Rush is another one! Well it was real nice getting to have this chat with you.
Yeah otherwise it would get real repetitive. Rush is another one! Well it was real nice getting to have this chat with you.	Rush? I will have to check that out. Nice chatting with you!
Rush? I will have to check that out. Nice chatting with you!	Good morning, do you follow politics?
Good morning, do you follow politics?	A bit
A bit	I think these days it's crossed over into the realm of general entertainment, since the President has a tweet for everything. Thank God he doesn't give addresses over the radio!
I think these days it's crossed over into the realm of general entertainment, since the President has a tweet for everything. Thank God he doesn't give addresses over the radio!	So what do you think about the president?
So what do you think about the president?	I think it's funny that he claims to know how to run a country just because he's been a wealthy business man. Did you know that the 3 wealthiest Presidents were actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?
I think it's funny that he claims to know how to run a country just because he's been a wealthy business man. Did you know that the 3 wealthiest Presidents were actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson?	Well he went bankrupt on multiple occasions and most of his wealth was from old money
Well he went bankrupt on multiple occasions and most of his wealth was from old money	He's a pretty example of the need for wealth redistribution--we're getting uncomfortably close to an authoritarian regime, where the leader might also be called president.
He's a pretty example of the need for wealth redistribution--we're getting uncomfortably close to an authoritarian regime, where the leader might also be called president.	Well honestly was more worried how the only presidential candidates were hillary and trump...
Well honestly was more worried how the only presidential candidates were hillary and trump...	The two party system is becoming a problem. Until 1805, the runner-up in the election became Vice President. I supposed maybe that provided a more balanced government, although I don't believe politics could have been that partisan back then.
The two party system is becoming a problem. Until 1805, the runner-up in the election became Vice President. I supposed maybe that provided a more balanced government, although I don't believe politics could have been that partisan back then.	Was it JFK or Roosevelt who came closest to winning as the 3rd party
Was it JFK or Roosevelt who came closest to winning as the 3rd party	I don't know. Less mainstream do have an outside chance sometimes. Teddy Roosevelt, for example, was such a staunch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.
I don't know. Less mainstream do have an outside chance sometimes. Teddy Roosevelt, for example, was such a staunch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.	I wonder how being a conservationist leads to banning christmas trees?
I wonder how being a conservationist leads to banning christmas trees?	I'm sure when he was President Christmas trees weren't grown commercially and had to be harvested from natural forests. These days they even have solar panels at the white House--Reagan had uninstalled the ones put up by Carter, but George W. Bush put in some when he was in office.
I'm sure when he was President Christmas trees weren't grown commercially and had to be harvested from natural forests. These days they even have solar panels at the white House--Reagan had uninstalled the ones put up by Carter, but George W. Bush put in some when he was in office.	I see that makes sense. it is interesting how the guest house is larger than the white house
I see that makes sense. it is interesting how the guest house is larger than the white house	It's a bit ironic for a real estate developer to be in that situation, isn't it? I'm sure he's not thrilled that there are twins of the White House in Ireland and France, too.
It's a bit ironic for a real estate developer to be in that situation, isn't it? I'm sure he's not thrilled that there are twins of the White House in Ireland and France, too.	I am sure the owners are thrilled to feel like a president
I am sure the owners are thrilled to feel like a president	I wonder if they also used floppy disks for some computer storage like they do at the actual White House haha. I suppose that has something to do with information security and keeping certain data off-network.
I wonder if they also used floppy disks for some computer storage like they do at the actual White House haha. I suppose that has something to do with information security and keeping certain data off-network.	I mean it is so old that it is actually a good security measure ironically
I mean it is so old that it is actually a good security measure ironically	I also imagine that it's a pain to upgrade the systems regularly when the risk is so high. The actual work done there isn't that complicated--no one in the actual White House is performing complex research or analysis that requires supercomputers. I mean, it took 4 days for the Secret Service to even realize that bullets had struck the building in 2011!
I also imagine that it's a pain to upgrade the systems regularly when the risk is so high. The actual work done there isn't that complicated--no one in the actual White House is performing complex research or analysis that requires supercomputers. I mean, it took 4 days for the Secret Service to even realize that bullets had struck the building in 2011!	True. I worries me our nukes still use floppy disks though
True. I worries me our nukes still use floppy disks though	It worries me that the man in charge texts so much.
It worries me that the man in charge texts so much.	True, I agree. In any case, thanks for chatting
True, I agree. In any case, thanks for chatting	Hi. Do you like to listen to the radio?
Hi. Do you like to listen to the radio?	Sometimes. I used to listen to the radio a lot as a kid. Didn't have a TV, so not much choice there.
Sometimes. I used to listen to the radio a lot as a kid. Didn't have a TV, so not much choice there.	Makes sense. Apparently in Canada, they require 40% of the music on the radio to be by Canadian artists.
Makes sense. Apparently in Canada, they require 40% of the music on the radio to be by Canadian artists.	The gov't wants to make sure that Canadian artists get their chance. US music would overwhelm the airwaves. That's why every Canadian knows the lyrics to every Rush song by heart.
The gov't wants to make sure that Canadian artists get their chance. US music would overwhelm the airwaves. That's why every Canadian knows the lyrics to every Rush song by heart.	You're probably right. Radio is actually pretty cool, you can hear storms on Jupiter on an AM radio.
You're probably right. Radio is actually pretty cool, you can hear storms on Jupiter on an AM radio.	I guess Jupiter doesn't have much of a target audience at this point since AM is so passe. Maybe if Jupiter got a Spotify channel, it could bring its fan base up to planetary status.
I guess Jupiter doesn't have much of a target audience at this point since AM is so passe. Maybe if Jupiter got a Spotify channel, it could bring its fan base up to planetary status.	I have never listened to Spotify, have you?
I have never listened to Spotify, have you?	No. Usually use YouTube. I've heard it's pretty hard to make money as an artist on Spotify.
No. Usually use YouTube. I've heard it's pretty hard to make money as an artist on Spotify.	I don't know much about it. I can barely keep up with all the new technology available! Times sure have changed since foxhole radios in World War II!
I don't know much about it. I can barely keep up with all the new technology available! Times sure have changed since foxhole radios in World War II!	I think they might still use those radios in the White House. The WH still uses floppy disks. WTH?
I think they might still use those radios in the White House. The WH still uses floppy disks. WTH?	That's crazy! The have solar panels, but are still using floppy disks? Funny!
That's crazy! The have solar panels, but are still using floppy disks? Funny!	Solar panels were put on there by Carter. Reagan took them off. I would love to see the old-style elections back in 1805. The runner-up in the presidential election became VP. I love the idea of Trump being paired will Hillary Clinton. Good times!
Solar panels were put on there by Carter. Reagan took them off. I would love to see the old-style elections back in 1805. The runner-up in the presidential election became VP. I love the idea of Trump being paired will Hillary Clinton. Good times!	Haha. I can't believe that method was ever successful! Apparently the white house has replicas in Ireland and France. I wonder why? Tourist attraction I suppose.
Haha. I can't believe that method was ever successful! Apparently the white house has replicas in Ireland and France. I wonder why? Tourist attraction I suppose.	The Irish like the US. France and the US had a pretty close relationship for a long time. The Statue of Liberty came from France.
The Irish like the US. France and the US had a pretty close relationship for a long time. The Statue of Liberty came from France.	That makes sense. Did you know Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House?
That makes sense. Did you know Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House?	He was a conservationist. He was big on preserving the natural resources of the country for future generations.
He was a conservationist. He was big on preserving the natural resources of the country for future generations.	Not a bad quality in a President! Every President since 1800 has lived there. Pretty cool, actually.
Not a bad quality in a President! Every President since 1800 has lived there. Pretty cool, actually.	The White House got burned down during the War of 1812, so some Prez was put out of gov't housing for a while. Perhaps there was a guest house then.
The White House got burned down during the War of 1812, so some Prez was put out of gov't housing for a while. Perhaps there was a guest house then.	Probably so! The guest house now is bigger than the White House itself.
Probably so! The guest house now is bigger than the White House itself.	The guest house could probably make a ton of $$$ if they went on one of them websites what rents out apartments and houses.
The guest house could probably make a ton of $$$ if they went on one of them websites what rents out apartments and houses.	They should try it! Maybe that would help with the deficit! I learned a lot today, thanks for chatting!
They should try it! Maybe that would help with the deficit! I learned a lot today, thanks for chatting!	Hi! I was just reading about how John Chapman who passed rescuing a navy seal will recieve the medal of honor, sad story.
Hi! I was just reading about how John Chapman who passed rescuing a navy seal will recieve the medal of honor, sad story.	Hello there, it sounds like he was a brave man who sacrificed himself for the good of others.
Hello there, it sounds like he was a brave man who sacrificed himself for the good of others.	He definitely was, like so many who serve. After Navy officer fell from the helicopter Chapman and others decided to go back for him, even knowing it was dangerous. He does deserve the medal.
He definitely was, like so many who serve. After Navy officer fell from the helicopter Chapman and others decided to go back for him, even knowing it was dangerous. He does deserve the medal.	Yes I agree, he certainly does. His family should be proud of his actions.
Yes I agree, he certainly does. His family should be proud of his actions.	Definitely, interesting story for sure, Chapman will be the 1st member of the Air Force to get the medal of honor. ...he was the only American alive at the top of that mountain,fighting.... how terrifying.
Definitely, interesting story for sure, Chapman will be the 1st member of the Air Force to get the medal of honor. ...he was the only American alive at the top of that mountain,fighting.... how terrifying.	That that would be extremely terrifying, probably running on pure adrenaline at that point.
That that would be extremely terrifying, probably running on pure adrenaline at that point.	Exactly, I could not imagine the fear. I am sure the entire country including the president were very proud.
Exactly, I could not imagine the fear. I am sure the entire country including the president were very proud.	Agreed, do you know much about other presidents around the world?
Agreed, do you know much about other presidents around the world?	Not really, lol I read that one president in Zimbabwe was called banana....I wonder why or if that is an honor?
Not really, lol I read that one president in Zimbabwe was called banana....I wonder why or if that is an honor?	Yeah isn't that funny, I think it was because of his name but I might be wrong.
Yeah isn't that funny, I think it was because of his name but I might be wrong.	Very interesting. I wonder if other presidents have White House type residence. I know there are 2 other white houses in Ireland and France.
Very interesting. I wonder if other presidents have White House type residence. I know there are 2 other white houses in Ireland and France.	That is funny, I also wonder if their guest houses are also larger than the white house.
That is funny, I also wonder if their guest houses are also larger than the white house.	I wonder that too, makes me curious to know why the guest house at the White house is so big, I thought the White House looks very large, so that guest house must be huge lol
I wonder that too, makes me curious to know why the guest house at the White house is so big, I thought the White House looks very large, so that guest house must be huge lol	Right, and I wonder what guests think when they come to stay here.
Right, and I wonder what guests think when they come to stay here.	Probably pretty comfortable for sure! The White House has been home for every president since the 1800's so I wonder if that guest house was there back then or not.
Probably pretty comfortable for sure! The White House has been home for every president since the 1800's so I wonder if that guest house was there back then or not.	I bet there was one, but not nearly the size it is today.
I bet there was one, but not nearly the size it is today.	I would like to know who had the guest house built, interesting part of history. They even have solar panels so I am sure it has been changed throughout the years many times.
I would like to know who had the guest house built, interesting part of history. They even have solar panels so I am sure it has been changed throughout the years many times.	Yeah it sounds like some presidents have taken them down, and then they are put back up again, sounds silly to me.
Yeah it sounds like some presidents have taken them down, and then they are put back up again, sounds silly to me.	Right! lol, they should just stay put. I am sure each president has done some type of remodeling to the White House. I wonder if they have music streaming into any of the rooms of the White House.....I am sure there must be relaxing rooms there so they can sit back and listen to the radio and put their feet up lol
Right! lol, they should just stay put. I am sure each president has done some type of remodeling to the White House. I wonder if they have music streaming into any of the rooms of the White House.....I am sure there must be relaxing rooms there so they can sit back and listen to the radio and put their feet up lol	Oh yeah I bet the relaxing rooms there are super nice, a lot nicer than the one I have lol.
Oh yeah I bet the relaxing rooms there are super nice, a lot nicer than the one I have lol.	Haha, nicer than mine too :) I guess these days you don't need a sound system streaming music....I just put earphones in and listen to my favorite radio station haha. It has been great chatting! Nice conversation!
Haha, nicer than mine too :) I guess these days you don't need a sound system streaming music....I just put earphones in and listen to my favorite radio station haha. It has been great chatting! Nice conversation!	Same here, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Same here, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.	How's it going, did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
How's it going, did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson	Hello! I didn't know that, isn't it surprising that Donald Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest!
Hello! I didn't know that, isn't it surprising that Donald Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest!	I guess Trump doesn't make the wealthiest list when adjusted for inflation
I guess Trump doesn't make the wealthiest list when adjusted for inflation	He probably doesn't make a lot of historical lists honestly. Although he's one of just 5 presidents to win while losing the popular vote.
He probably doesn't make a lot of historical lists honestly. Although he's one of just 5 presidents to win while losing the popular vote.	Maybe he'll be inspired by the president of Indonesia and release 3 pop albums
Maybe he'll be inspired by the president of Indonesia and release 3 pop albums	That's crazy! It's interesting how much culture influences other nations. On the other hand, the last US president fluent in a foreign language was FDR.
That's crazy! It's interesting how much culture influences other nations. On the other hand, the last US president fluent in a foreign language was FDR.	That's pretty cool, I wonder if FDR ever talked with President Banana of Zimbabwe
That's pretty cool, I wonder if FDR ever talked with President Banana of Zimbabwe	No clue! That's a interesting name, it's always funny hearing about customs in other presidential elections. In Guatemala for example, close relatives of former presidents can't run for the presidency themselves.
No clue! That's a interesting name, it's always funny hearing about customs in other presidential elections. In Guatemala for example, close relatives of former presidents can't run for the presidency themselves.	Sounds like a good rule, up until 1805 the runner up of the US election became vice president
Sounds like a good rule, up until 1805 the runner up of the US election became vice president	That's interesting! It's probably a change for the better too. I think one change should be needing a certain level of education, like I believe the only president to have a phD was Woodrow Wilson.
That's interesting! It's probably a change for the better too. I think one change should be needing a certain level of education, like I believe the only president to have a phD was Woodrow Wilson.	Yea education is important. Maybe they could change the White House's size so it's guest house isn't larger
Yea education is important. Maybe they could change the White House's size so it's guest house isn't larger	Ahah that's interesting, I never knew the guest house was bigger. Although I'm sure it doesn't have solar panels like the White House does.
Ahah that's interesting, I never knew the guest house was bigger. Although I'm sure it doesn't have solar panels like the White House does.	I heard the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France, I wonder how similar they are to the US
I heard the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France, I wonder how similar they are to the US	I never knew that! Maybe it's more common of a thing than we think, I believe someone had a replica of it built in Atlanta, to use as a private home.
I never knew that! Maybe it's more common of a thing than we think, I believe someone had a replica of it built in Atlanta, to use as a private home.	Sounds expensive, hopefully it is more up to date than the official white house, they still use floppy disks
Sounds expensive, hopefully it is more up to date than the official white house, they still use floppy disks	That definitely seems like old technology. Although they use a lot of old technology in general, like if you mail a birth announcement to the White House, they'll send you a physical card back.
That definitely seems like old technology. Although they use a lot of old technology in general, like if you mail a birth announcement to the White House, they'll send you a physical card back.	That's pretty nice but maybe they should change their priorities considering in 2011 the Secret Service didn't realize someone shot the white house for 4 days
That's pretty nice but maybe they should change their priorities considering in 2011 the Secret Service didn't realize someone shot the white house for 4 days	That's crazy! And I bet they spent more time updating things like phone numbers, the first phone number of the White House was "1".
That's crazy! And I bet they spent more time updating things like phone numbers, the first phone number of the White House was "1".	That's pretty cool, at least they allow Christmas trees back in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt banned them
That's pretty cool, at least they allow Christmas trees back in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt banned them	That seems unprofessional! A lot of presidents have had their own preference influence the whole house. Like President Carter turned down all the thermostats to 65 degrees during the winter.
That seems unprofessional! A lot of presidents have had their own preference influence the whole house. Like President Carter turned down all the thermostats to 65 degrees during the winter.	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	Hi. Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
Hi. Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?	The White House does? I did not know that! So ol' 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue isn't as unique as I thought it was! There is also a replica in Atlanta which was built as a private home.
The White House does? I did not know that! So ol' 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue isn't as unique as I thought it was! There is also a replica in Atlanta which was built as a private home.	Wow. I didn't know that. All these replicas I never knew existed. lol Teddy Roosevelt was such a stauch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.
Wow. I didn't know that. All these replicas I never knew existed. lol Teddy Roosevelt was such a stauch conservationist that he banned Christmas trees from the White House.	Ha! And then later on came Jimmy Carter who had solar panels installed on the White House!
Ha! And then later on came Jimmy Carter who had solar panels installed on the White House!	lol ...and then Ronald Reagan took them off and George W. Bush put them back on!
lol ...and then Ronald Reagan took them off and George W. Bush put them back on!	Haha! Those crazy guys! Jimmy carter also turned all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977. That guy means business! I do love hearing about presidential history, don't you?
Haha! Those crazy guys! Jimmy carter also turned all the thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977. That guy means business! I do love hearing about presidential history, don't you?	I do like reading about. I've learned a lot here recently. ..and he did try to save money because the economy was terrible then. LOL The White House uses floppy discs still to store files. That's surprises me.
I do like reading about. I've learned a lot here recently. ..and he did try to save money because the economy was terrible then. LOL The White House uses floppy discs still to store files. That's surprises me.	Floppy disks!? That surprises me, too! They still use snail mail at the White House, as well. They'll mail you a congratulations card if you send them a birth announcement!
Floppy disks!? That surprises me, too! They still use snail mail at the White House, as well. They'll mail you a congratulations card if you send them a birth announcement!	I wish I had known that when I had my kids in the early 90
I wish I had known that when I had my kids in the early 90	It's nice of them to keep some traditions like that going. Did you know Lincoln was the first President to be photographed at his inauguration? Seems like so long ago.
It's nice of them to keep some traditions like that going. Did you know Lincoln was the first President to be photographed at his inauguration? Seems like so long ago.	I do remember reading that. Wasn't John Wilkes Booth also in the picture?
I do remember reading that. Wasn't John Wilkes Booth also in the picture?	He was! Pretty freaky! Do you think they have many radios in the White House. I love listening to the radio. It fascinates me that so much information and sound can be carried by radio waves.
He was! Pretty freaky! Do you think they have many radios in the White House. I love listening to the radio. It fascinates me that so much information and sound can be carried by radio waves.	I do love listening to the radio still! I would like to try to pick up some of the Jupiter radio storms that you can hear on AM radio.
I do love listening to the radio still! I would like to try to pick up some of the Jupiter radio storms that you can hear on AM radio.	That is so crazy to me! There's a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, too. You can listen live to the sun's music!
That is so crazy to me! There's a radio station that translates solar activity into sound, too. You can listen live to the sun's music!	I will have to check that out! Did you know that in Canada it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists?
I will have to check that out! Did you know that in Canada it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists?	Was Bing Crosby Canadian? In the 1940s, his music filled more than half of the radio time allocated to record music!
Was Bing Crosby Canadian? In the 1940s, his music filled more than half of the radio time allocated to record music!	I don't know if he was. Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios by using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode. Pretty creative!
I don't know if he was. Soldiers in WW2 made simple radios by using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode. Pretty creative!	Wow! I guess they just needed an electrical conductor. They must have really wanted to hear some Bing Crosby!
Wow! I guess they just needed an electrical conductor. They must have really wanted to hear some Bing Crosby!	lol That was probably the only form of entertainment they could get when stuck in the foxholes....which they actually called those radios foxhole radios.
lol That was probably the only form of entertainment they could get when stuck in the foxholes....which they actually called those radios foxhole radios.	Huh. Interesting. I hope they weren't trying to catch up on the ventriloquist act that was so popular in the 1930s. It baffled contemporary critics, and it baffles me, too!
Huh. Interesting. I hope they weren't trying to catch up on the ventriloquist act that was so popular in the 1930s. It baffled contemporary critics, and it baffles me, too!	lol Those creep me out. I've had a good time tonight chatting with you!
lol Those creep me out. I've had a good time tonight chatting with you!	Time to go listen to some radio!
Time to go listen to some radio!	Yes! lol have a good night!
Yes! lol have a good night!	I never knew that ringo starr narrated some episodes of thomas the thank engine.
I never knew that ringo starr narrated some episodes of thomas the thank engine.	Yes. Funny that he was the more mild Narrator, compared to George Carlin and Alec Baldwin
Yes. Funny that he was the more mild Narrator, compared to George Carlin and Alec Baldwin	I also can't believe there are that many pokemon episodes. My son used to watch these all the time as a kid.
I also can't believe there are that many pokemon episodes. My son used to watch these all the time as a kid.	I heard it was something like sixteen years worth!
I heard it was something like sixteen years worth!	it's been around so long. I can't believe it's still even popular to this day!
it's been around so long. I can't believe it's still even popular to this day!	At least Pokemon was not around in the black and white television days!
At least Pokemon was not around in the black and white television days!	In your country, do people call the sport soccer or football?
In your country, do people call the sport soccer or football?	Football. It is amazing so many different games like Australian football also use the same name!
Football. It is amazing so many different games like Australian football also use the same name!	I agree! I never even knew there was such a thing as Austailian or Canadian football!
I agree! I never even knew there was such a thing as Austailian or Canadian football!	True. One version I just learned about is Gaelic football
True. One version I just learned about is Gaelic football	what is that?
what is that?	Gaelic indicates an Irish game, 15 players somewhat similar to rugby football.
Gaelic indicates an Irish game, 15 players somewhat similar to rugby football.	i never knew that. you're really smart! it's crazy how much football players make these days!
i never knew that. you're really smart! it's crazy how much football players make these days!	Yes. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
Yes. In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars	That's unbelievable!
That's unbelievable!	Then again, salaries all over are huge. Look at 2011 superhero film Thor!
Then again, salaries all over are huge. Look at 2011 superhero film Thor!	I'm a huge fan of superhero movies. I really liked Thor. Chris Hemsworth was a good actor in it.
I'm a huge fan of superhero movies. I really liked Thor. Chris Hemsworth was a good actor in it.	i did not know that Kenneth Branagh was such a good director!
i did not know that Kenneth Branagh was such a good director!	I also enjoyed Natalie Portman in it. She's one of my favorite actresses.
I also enjoyed Natalie Portman in it. She's one of my favorite actresses.	I prefer Rene Russo's acting in the film.
I prefer Rene Russo's acting in the film.	Both were really good, as was Anthony Hopikins!
Both were really good, as was Anthony Hopikins!	Not as good as Tom Hiddleston, who gained 50 pounds of muscle for the film!
Not as good as Tom Hiddleston, who gained 50 pounds of muscle for the film!	I thought he looked heavier than I'd ever seen him!
I thought he looked heavier than I'd ever seen him!	Hey how's it going? Did you hear about the police arresting the man who made threatening tweets against the football coach Jeff Brohm?
Hey how's it going? Did you hear about the police arresting the man who made threatening tweets against the football coach Jeff Brohm?	Yes, I did. If the coach wanted to stay with Boilermakers, it was not his business. I wonder how the police found this guy. Do you know who this guy is?
Yes, I did. If the coach wanted to stay with Boilermakers, it was not his business. I wonder how the police found this guy. Do you know who this guy is?	Yes true good point. Not sure just some fan. Apparently after all that happened at the university, classes would still be held that Friday. So I'm glad it didn't cause too big of a disruption. People get angry so easily these days. Especially over football!
Yes true good point. Not sure just some fan. Apparently after all that happened at the university, classes would still be held that Friday. So I'm glad it didn't cause too big of a disruption. People get angry so easily these days. Especially over football!	I agree with you especially with the popularity of online media. The guy's lawyer said that it was just a joke.
I agree with you especially with the popularity of online media. The guy's lawyer said that it was just a joke.	Yeah it is hard to know what is a joke and what isn't. The internet is so new and unpredictable. I remember when we just had tv to worry about! I liked the Simpsons-and there is only one episode ever where Bart never appears!
Yeah it is hard to know what is a joke and what isn't. The internet is so new and unpredictable. I remember when we just had tv to worry about! I liked the Simpsons-and there is only one episode ever where Bart never appears!	Are you serious? It was impossible for Bart not to appear in the Simpsons.
Are you serious? It was impossible for Bart not to appear in the Simpsons.	lol yes he was definitely the main character! I also like that 70's show, which was apparently remade in the UK.
lol yes he was definitely the main character! I also like that 70's show, which was apparently remade in the UK.	I did not know that 70's show was remade in the UK. Back to the Simpsons, apparently Homer has held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.
I did not know that 70's show was remade in the UK. Back to the Simpsons, apparently Homer has held 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.	Wow either he is very ambitious or cannot hold a job for the life of him! Another big popular show was Pokemon with over 750 episodes. Wow that is hard to believe!
Wow either he is very ambitious or cannot hold a job for the life of him! Another big popular show was Pokemon with over 750 episodes. Wow that is hard to believe!	That was hard to believe. All my grand kids know all about Pokemon. Do you watch Saturday Night Life?
That was hard to believe. All my grand kids know all about Pokemon. Do you watch Saturday Night Life?	Yes I do that is a fantastic show! love it! Alec Baldwin has been funny recently impersonating Trump. Baldwin also narrated thomas the tank engine for 52 episodes!
Yes I do that is a fantastic show! love it! Alec Baldwin has been funny recently impersonating Trump. Baldwin also narrated thomas the tank engine for 52 episodes!	Yes, I heard about Baldwin and Thomas, the tank engine. Back to Saturday Night Live, apparently "weekend update" that was started on the first episode of SNL, is their longest running skit.
Yes, I heard about Baldwin and Thomas, the tank engine. Back to Saturday Night Live, apparently "weekend update" that was started on the first episode of SNL, is their longest running skit.	Oh yeah I love that skit! Really funny! Do you like superhero movies? I think Thor is definitely one of my favorites. The Thor film in 2011 was directed by Kenneth Branagh, I though he did a great job.
Oh yeah I love that skit! Really funny! Do you like superhero movies? I think Thor is definitely one of my favorites. The Thor film in 2011 was directed by Kenneth Branagh, I though he did a great job.	I have not seen the Thor film. I heard a lot about it from my son. Apparently, the spaceships were named after classic Australian Holden cars.
I have not seen the Thor film. I heard a lot about it from my son. Apparently, the spaceships were named after classic Australian Holden cars.	Oh thats cool! I actually rode in a Holden when I visited Australia and I had never heard of them prior to that. Apparently Tom Hiddleston gained 50 pounds of muscle in hopes of being casted as Thor but he ended up not getting that role. Bummer.
Oh thats cool! I actually rode in a Holden when I visited Australia and I had never heard of them prior to that. Apparently Tom Hiddleston gained 50 pounds of muscle in hopes of being casted as Thor but he ended up not getting that role. Bummer.	That was sad. Tom should have tried to gain weight after he got the part.
That was sad. Tom should have tried to gain weight after he got the part.	You're right. Hollywood is tough for sure. Apparently 80% of the dialogue in Thor Ragnarok was improvised in order to create a loose collaborative mood. Maybe more films should use this technique because it worked really well.
You're right. Hollywood is tough for sure. Apparently 80% of the dialogue in Thor Ragnarok was improvised in order to create a loose collaborative mood. Maybe more films should use this technique because it worked really well.	What I mean was "gain weight" - sorry it's getting late in New York. Tom Hiddleston was in the movie though, right? But he was not Thor.
What I mean was "gain weight" - sorry it's getting late in New York. Tom Hiddleston was in the movie though, right? But he was not Thor.	Correct. He played Thor's brother names Loki. He still did a great job and I am sure he is happy to be playing that part. It is hard to beat out Chris Hemsworth!
Correct. He played Thor's brother names Loki. He still did a great job and I am sure he is happy to be playing that part. It is hard to beat out Chris Hemsworth!	I need to watch this Thor movie. I watched Incredible Hulk and I enjoyed it a lot. Did you see Incredible Hulk?
I need to watch this Thor movie. I watched Incredible Hulk and I enjoyed it a lot. Did you see Incredible Hulk?	Awesome yeah I did I loved that movie too! I think you would enjoy Thor as well! It was nice talking with you, have a wonderful evening!
Awesome yeah I did I loved that movie too! I think you would enjoy Thor as well! It was nice talking with you, have a wonderful evening!	hi, do you watch football?
hi, do you watch football?	Hi, do you mean american football or british football? Or Australian football?
Hi, do you mean american football or british football? Or Australian football?	yeah I guess there are many versions of them. How about american football?
yeah I guess there are many versions of them. How about american football?	Yes I do watch american football, and even Canadian football which is pretty similar other then the fields are a bit bigger and the ball is different.
Yes I do watch american football, and even Canadian football which is pretty similar other then the fields are a bit bigger and the ball is different.	yeah, they are all a little different. did you know bowlers used to make more than football players back in the day
yeah, they are all a little different. did you know bowlers used to make more than football players back in the day	I believe it. Even today NFL contracts are not guaranteed for some reason. The best player I ever saw was Benjarvus Green-Ellis. He never fumbled once! Never!
I believe it. Even today NFL contracts are not guaranteed for some reason. The best player I ever saw was Benjarvus Green-Ellis. He never fumbled once! Never!	wow, that is impressive. And espn went on to win an emmy
wow, that is impressive. And espn went on to win an emmy	For what? I watch a lot of football on espn either on my brand new led tv or even on my old monochrome in my garage..
For what? I watch a lot of football on espn either on my brand new led tv or even on my old monochrome in my garage..	for the creation of the superimposed yellow line
for the creation of the superimposed yellow line	Interesting. I never realized they were the first to make it, but I guess that makes sense. Besides football what do you watch on tv?
Interesting. I never realized they were the first to make it, but I guess that makes sense. Besides football what do you watch on tv?	Yeah I like to watch some shows, like the simpsons
Yeah I like to watch some shows, like the simpsons	Did you know there is only one episode that bart isn't in? They don't even talk about him. It's a Patty and Selma episode.
Did you know there is only one episode that bart isn't in? They don't even talk about him. It's a Patty and Selma episode.	I must have not seen that episode yet or at least do not remember it
I must have not seen that episode yet or at least do not remember it	It was on the last few years. The Simpsons have had so many great guests on the show. My favorite is probably Ringo Starr. While he's been on the simpsons a few times. He narrated a lot of Thomas The Tank Engine episodes.
It was on the last few years. The Simpsons have had so many great guests on the show. My favorite is probably Ringo Starr. While he's been on the simpsons a few times. He narrated a lot of Thomas The Tank Engine episodes.	cool, alec baldwin and george carlin each narrated 52 episode as well
cool, alec baldwin and george carlin each narrated 52 episode as well	Crazy. I used to watch it a lot, but when I did I was so young I had no idea who any of those people were.
Crazy. I used to watch it a lot, but when I did I was so young I had no idea who any of those people were.	that is true for me too. did you ever watch that 70s show
that is true for me too. did you ever watch that 70s show	I did, it started out so good and ended so badly. There is a UK version too called days like these it's even worse then the worst 70s show episodes. I think it only lasted 10 episodes.
I did, it started out so good and ended so badly. There is a UK version too called days like these it's even worse then the worst 70s show episodes. I think it only lasted 10 episodes.	yeah, that did not last very long indeed. how about pokemon, ever watch it?
yeah, that did not last very long indeed. how about pokemon, ever watch it?	I'm trying to get through all 750 episodes actually, but i'm so far behind and more keep coming out.
I'm trying to get through all 750 episodes actually, but i'm so far behind and more keep coming out.	wow good for you. they have been around for 16 years, that is a long time
wow good for you. they have been around for 16 years, that is a long time	Yeah, I should have started watching back then. At least I have lots to watch these days.
Yeah, I should have started watching back then. At least I have lots to watch these days.	Yeah you can binge watch now. nice chat
Yeah you can binge watch now. nice chat	Hi, how are you? Do you follow sports at all?
Hi, how are you? Do you follow sports at all?	I don't follow sports that much. I did watch the Superbowl this year, what about you?
I don't follow sports that much. I did watch the Superbowl this year, what about you?	Football is pretty good toward the end of the season. I like the playoffs. Didn't get a chance to watch the SB.
Football is pretty good toward the end of the season. I like the playoffs. Didn't get a chance to watch the SB.	you didn't really miss anything haha, do you ever watch college football though? Apparently Iowa University painted the opposing team's locker room pink
you didn't really miss anything haha, do you ever watch college football though? Apparently Iowa University painted the opposing team's locker room pink	I think the folks in Iowa overestimated the effect of color on the team. Has the win-loss record improved? Any other teams doing this? No.
I think the folks in Iowa overestimated the effect of color on the team. Has the win-loss record improved? Any other teams doing this? No.	Haha I agree with you. Personally I think I would play harder if I went into a locker room and it were pink haha. I would be surprised and interested to check out the win-loss ratio after they did that haha
Haha I agree with you. Personally I think I would play harder if I went into a locker room and it were pink haha. I would be surprised and interested to check out the win-loss ratio after they did that haha	Can't imagine it works THAT well. Bowlers in the 1960's made twice as much as top football stars. Probably had fewer injuries as well.
Can't imagine it works THAT well. Bowlers in the 1960's made twice as much as top football stars. Probably had fewer injuries as well.	Haha you're probably right. Do you ever watch sports on ESPN? Apparently they won an Emmy for inventing the yellow line that they use to show the first down
Haha you're probably right. Do you ever watch sports on ESPN? Apparently they won an Emmy for inventing the yellow line that they use to show the first down	I guess computer technology improved the viewer's experience. Don't know that it deserved an award.
I guess computer technology improved the viewer's experience. Don't know that it deserved an award.	No I don't think they did haha. I wish that they would broadcast the highest scoring football game of all time, it was 222 to 0, although it was in 1916 so definitely TV was not around back then haha
No I don't think they did haha. I wish that they would broadcast the highest scoring football game of all time, it was 222 to 0, although it was in 1916 so definitely TV was not around back then haha	I think the viewers would have been bored, unless they had money riding on the game. I don't know what the GT coach was thinking.
I think the viewers would have been bored, unless they had money riding on the game. I don't know what the GT coach was thinking.	yup yep I agree, do you like the Patriots by the way? They have a player who's never fumbled the ball before
yup yep I agree, do you like the Patriots by the way? They have a player who's never fumbled the ball before	They are usually the favorites, and I like to root for the underdog. That player should get a bonus for that achievement.
They are usually the favorites, and I like to root for the underdog. That player should get a bonus for that achievement.	Haha I agree with you. I would just be so scared if I were him. Think about it. Every time you go on the field you could ruin that record LOL
Haha I agree with you. I would just be so scared if I were him. Think about it. Every time you go on the field you could ruin that record LOL	People would be coming for you JUST to get you to fumble. Do you watch TV much these days?
People would be coming for you JUST to get you to fumble. Do you watch TV much these days?	I watch it sometimes. I don't have cable but I can catch Network TV sometimes. I also watch YouTube. What about you?
I watch it sometimes. I don't have cable but I can catch Network TV sometimes. I also watch YouTube. What about you?	I don't watch TV much. Sometimes in the gym when I exercise. I try to catch up on the news.
I don't watch TV much. Sometimes in the gym when I exercise. I try to catch up on the news.	Yeah I personally think the news is kind of depressing haha. But I can get it if you do watch that from time to time. Especially if you're at the gym. Did you ever watch the show Thomas the Tank?
Yeah I personally think the news is kind of depressing haha. But I can get it if you do watch that from time to time. Especially if you're at the gym. Did you ever watch the show Thomas the Tank?	Thomas the Tank Engine is an animated show for kids. I never saw it really, but I know that it's popular.
Thomas the Tank Engine is an animated show for kids. I never saw it really, but I know that it's popular.	I think I saw some as a kid. It's almost like stop motion, or something like that. I know they have a lot of famous stars that did the voices though. Do you know who Geroge Carlin is?
I think I saw some as a kid. It's almost like stop motion, or something like that. I know they have a lot of famous stars that did the voices though. Do you know who Geroge Carlin is?	Carlin was a stand up comedian. Also did TV work in the 60s. Funny guy.
Carlin was a stand up comedian. Also did TV work in the 60s. Funny guy.	Haha I agree with you. I wish he was still around, he would have a lot of good things to say I think. I guess Alec Baldwin and also Ringo Starr did some boys down there too, I need to check that out haha.
Haha I agree with you. I wish he was still around, he would have a lot of good things to say I think. I guess Alec Baldwin and also Ringo Starr did some boys down there too, I need to check that out haha.	Hello there, do you watch much television?
Hello there, do you watch much television?	Not a whole lot, but I have recently watched a program about Judge Kavanaugh. Do you watch much television?
Not a whole lot, but I have recently watched a program about Judge Kavanaugh. Do you watch much television?	Yeah I do, a lot of sports programming, I don't think I saw the Kavanaugh program though.
Yeah I do, a lot of sports programming, I don't think I saw the Kavanaugh program though.	It had to do with Heitkamp and her reasoning for voting no on Kavanaugh, despite it being a poor political move. It was quite interesting.
It had to do with Heitkamp and her reasoning for voting no on Kavanaugh, despite it being a poor political move. It was quite interesting.	Oh I think I know what you are talking about, I think Heitkamp has family experience with sexual assault and that pushed her to that decision.
Oh I think I know what you are talking about, I think Heitkamp has family experience with sexual assault and that pushed her to that decision.	I believe that may be. It also had to do with Kavanaugh answering questions with more questions, instead of answers.
I believe that may be. It also had to do with Kavanaugh answering questions with more questions, instead of answers.	Yeah that seemed to be his go to move and thats usually how you know someone might not be telling the truth or the whole truth.
Yeah that seemed to be his go to move and thats usually how you know someone might not be telling the truth or the whole truth.	I agree. Funny thing, speaking about televisions, I recently learned that TVs began becoming popular right after World War 2 in both the US and Britain.
I agree. Funny thing, speaking about televisions, I recently learned that TVs began becoming popular right after World War 2 in both the US and Britain.	I think you are right, did you ever hear about Ringo Starr narrating a children's show?
I think you are right, did you ever hear about Ringo Starr narrating a children's show?	I have not heard of that! It sounds fascinating. Tell me more!
I have not heard of that! It sounds fascinating. Tell me more!	He narrated the show Thomas the Tank Engine for over 50 episodes!
He narrated the show Thomas the Tank Engine for over 50 episodes!	Thomas the Tank Engine? Alec Baldwin of all people also narrated it for over 50 episodes!
Thomas the Tank Engine? Alec Baldwin of all people also narrated it for over 50 episodes!	Yeah he did some too, and George Carlin of all people! What a crazy mix they had doing those shows.
Yeah he did some too, and George Carlin of all people! What a crazy mix they had doing those shows.	Absolutely crazy mix they had going in that show, a ton of episodes just between those three. Pokemon is another show that had quite a lot of episodes.
Absolutely crazy mix they had going in that show, a ton of episodes just between those three. Pokemon is another show that had quite a lot of episodes.	Yeah I think they had well over 700 episodes of that show! I wonder what kind of material they can still come up with.
Yeah I think they had well over 700 episodes of that show! I wonder what kind of material they can still come up with.	700 episodes is quite the feat. The Simpsons also has quite a lot of episodes. Did you know there was only one episode where Bart, a character on the show, was not mentioned or shown at all?
700 episodes is quite the feat. The Simpsons also has quite a lot of episodes. Did you know there was only one episode where Bart, a character on the show, was not mentioned or shown at all?	I don't think I have ever seen that one. I am a huge fan of that show, I think have seen most of them, but that one, I don't think so.
I don't think I have ever seen that one. I am a huge fan of that show, I think have seen most of them, but that one, I don't think so.	I am also quite a fan of The Simpsons, but not as much as That 70's show. Did you know it got remade in the UK?
I am also quite a fan of The Simpsons, but not as much as That 70's show. Did you know it got remade in the UK?	I think I heard that they did it verbatim and that it bombed really bad.
I think I heard that they did it verbatim and that it bombed really bad.	Yes! It was cancelled after only 10 episodes. It must have been a disaster to get cancelled in under half of a season!
Yes! It was cancelled after only 10 episodes. It must have been a disaster to get cancelled in under half of a season!	Oh yeah I would say so there! Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good night!
Oh yeah I would say so there! Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good night!	Hello there, are you a big tv fan? If so, what is your favorite show?
Hello there, are you a big tv fan? If so, what is your favorite show?	I do like some tv, I like the simpsons, seinfeld, and south park, I guess they all begin with S's somehow haha, what about you?
I do like some tv, I like the simpsons, seinfeld, and south park, I guess they all begin with S's somehow haha, what about you?	Hey that is awesome, my favorite show is the Simpsons, but Seinfeld is close behind. South Park is good too, I enjoy Always Sunny as well.
Hey that is awesome, my favorite show is the Simpsons, but Seinfeld is close behind. South Park is good too, I enjoy Always Sunny as well.	ah yes I like always sunny, I guess in the simpsons Homer had almost 200 different jobs in teh first 400 episodes
ah yes I like always sunny, I guess in the simpsons Homer had almost 200 different jobs in teh first 400 episodes	That is crazy to think about, I love the first 10 seasons. I guess there is also one episode where Bart doesn't make any kind of appearance.
That is crazy to think about, I love the first 10 seasons. I guess there is also one episode where Bart doesn't make any kind of appearance.	ya I think I heard of that, he makes no appearance and isn't mentioned, I wonder if they just forgot about him haha
ya I think I heard of that, he makes no appearance and isn't mentioned, I wonder if they just forgot about him haha	Yeah that's funny to think about, it's probably in a later season as well.
Yeah that's funny to think about, it's probably in a later season as well.	have you seen the show shark tank? apparently most deals that they make are not actually enacted in real life, that seems like a let down because that means the show is basically staged
have you seen the show shark tank? apparently most deals that they make are not actually enacted in real life, that seems like a let down because that means the show is basically staged	Yeah I have seen it and really? That is pretty sad, I bet most of the people who follow that show would be super let down yeah.
Yeah I have seen it and really? That is pretty sad, I bet most of the people who follow that show would be super let down yeah.	did you know that woodrow wilson had a phd? I wonder why more presidents don't have higher degrees like that
did you know that woodrow wilson had a phd? I wonder why more presidents don't have higher degrees like that	Right, no I didn't know that, very interesting though. I guess the president of Indonesia has released three pop music albums while in office.
Right, no I didn't know that, very interesting though. I guess the president of Indonesia has released three pop music albums while in office.	ya that's crazy, I want trump to release a pop album, he's friends with kanye just think if they released a record together!
ya that's crazy, I want trump to release a pop album, he's friends with kanye just think if they released a record together!	That would be insane lol, I think it would definitely sell tons even if it wasn't any good though!
That would be insane lol, I think it would definitely sell tons even if it wasn't any good though!	ya I agree haha, did you know that FDR was the only recent president to speak another language besides english
ya I agree haha, did you know that FDR was the only recent president to speak another language besides english	No, that is very surprising to me as well. Did you know the guest house at the white house is bigger than the actual white house itself?
No, that is very surprising to me as well. Did you know the guest house at the white house is bigger than the actual white house itself?	no I didn't know that, I do like the idea they have in Guatemala, where the presidents relatives can't legally run to become president
no I didn't know that, I do like the idea they have in Guatemala, where the presidents relatives can't legally run to become president	That is a pretty good rule. Keeps the family money out of the equation.
That is a pretty good rule. Keeps the family money out of the equation.	ya I agree, what do you think of the electoral college? I guess in the history of the USA 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still won becuase of the electoral college
ya I agree, what do you think of the electoral college? I guess in the history of the USA 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still won becuase of the electoral college	Yeah I think it is time to rethink how we do things but who knows.
Yeah I think it is time to rethink how we do things but who knows.	who do you think the first president to get a photograph was?
who do you think the first president to get a photograph was?	That's a good one, I'm pretty stumped though lol. Who was it?
That's a good one, I'm pretty stumped though lol. Who was it?	haha well it was Lincoln and actually john wilkes booth was in the photo with him! scary!
haha well it was Lincoln and actually john wilkes booth was in the photo with him! scary!	Hey! Seen any good TV shows lately?
Hey! Seen any good TV shows lately?	the expance is great i think.
the expance is great i think.	I haven't seen that one. Is it good?
I haven't seen that one. Is it good?	amazing i think, its one of the few sci-fi tv that actually shows real word movement from spaceships
amazing i think, its one of the few sci-fi tv that actually shows real word movement from spaceships	Oh! That does sound good! I like to watch cartoons like the Simpsons.
Oh! That does sound good! I like to watch cartoons like the Simpsons.	love the simpsons, thought the little fact they sent flowers was pretty funny. favorite episode?
love the simpsons, thought the little fact they sent flowers was pretty funny. favorite episode?	It was! Shows they're great people. I like Mr. Plow! You?
It was! Shows they're great people. I like Mr. Plow! You?	plow king is better. long live plow king barney... the orinal treehouse of horror episode. i loved the great horror throwbacks they do
plow king is better. long live plow king barney... the orinal treehouse of horror episode. i loved the great horror throwbacks they do	I actually forgot about that one! All of the treehouse of horror episodes are good though.
I actually forgot about that one! All of the treehouse of horror episodes are good though.	slightly side note here, 750 episodes of pokemon and 1 got banned here for putting kids in the hospital due to flashing lights
slightly side note here, 750 episodes of pokemon and 1 got banned here for putting kids in the hospital due to flashing lights	Wow! That is crazy. The lights can trigger seizures. Weren't there many Japanese shows that did that to kids?
Wow! That is crazy. The lights can trigger seizures. Weren't there many Japanese shows that did that to kids?	not too many maybe a handful at best, they learned quickly not to use flashing red and blue backgrounds. we took a little longer to learn that lession it seems
not too many maybe a handful at best, they learned quickly not to use flashing red and blue backgrounds. we took a little longer to learn that lession it seems	Yea, it seems like it. What kind of music do you like?
Yea, it seems like it. What kind of music do you like?	what ever is playing. i dont really care what it is, to me it ends up as background noise.
what ever is playing. i dont really care what it is, to me it ends up as background noise.	That's no fun. Even the president of Indonesia likes music!
That's no fun. Even the president of Indonesia likes music!	i know thats crazy to think of a president releasing 3 albums. i doubt the president here would even attempt to release 1. wait i bet he would actually
i know thats crazy to think of a president releasing 3 albums. i doubt the president here would even attempt to release 1. wait i bet he would actually	I'm pretty sure he already has or at least been featured on tracks. The man has done everything in media
I'm pretty sure he already has or at least been featured on tracks. The man has done everything in media	yea but im sure i would have noticed a golden album cover with just huge block letters of his name on the cover art. rated 5 star by the artist and 2 star by critics
yea but im sure i would have noticed a golden album cover with just huge block letters of his name on the cover art. rated 5 star by the artist and 2 star by critics	True. I doubt the critics would even give him 2 stars. He'd be too busy negotiation with the record label.
True. I doubt the critics would even give him 2 stars. He'd be too busy negotiation with the record label.	lol, as long as its not fred durst he should be good, not the garbage dump named after fred durst though
lol, as long as its not fred durst he should be good, not the garbage dump named after fred durst though	haha. That was hilarious. It's a really peculiar name for a garbage dump.
haha. That was hilarious. It's a really peculiar name for a garbage dump.	i wonder if fred durst is from around there. or was he from like a rival town and they really hate him, or is it they really hated limp bizkit
i wonder if fred durst is from around there. or was he from like a rival town and they really hate him, or is it they really hated limp bizkit	He is actually from Jacksonville, Fl. I think they just really hated limp bizkit. I actually like them though.
He is actually from Jacksonville, Fl. I think they just really hated limp bizkit. I actually like them though.	i loved 3 dolla bill yall when i was a teenager.
i loved 3 dolla bill yall when i was a teenager.	Me too. They really went down after chocolate starfish and hot dog flavored water, or whatever that album was. I still to jam to those songs in my car.
Me too. They really went down after chocolate starfish and hot dog flavored water, or whatever that album was. I still to jam to those songs in my car.	thats the album, thats when i stopped getting their albums. felt the same about korn after their issues album too
thats the album, thats when i stopped getting their albums. felt the same about korn after their issues album too	Definitely. I had a friend who would blast that album all the time. It drove me crazy.
Definitely. I had a friend who would blast that album all the time. It drove me crazy.	lol i could have been that person for the first month i had it. speaking of music, should look up the astronaut sing major tom is space its pretty surreal
lol i could have been that person for the first month i had it. speaking of music, should look up the astronaut sing major tom is space its pretty surreal	I've actually seen it! I love Chris Hadfield. I've seen a lot of the things he's done.
I've actually seen it! I love Chris Hadfield. I've seen a lot of the things he's done.	awesome, well i loved the time talking to you, thanks for the conversation, i gotta get ready for work now.
awesome, well i loved the time talking to you, thanks for the conversation, i gotta get ready for work now.	Hi, how are you this morning?
Hi, how are you this morning?	Great. I think the rhetoric of our era is very biased and unfair to Trump. I don't think the press and celebrities should continue to complain about the election.
Great. I think the rhetoric of our era is very biased and unfair to Trump. I don't think the press and celebrities should continue to complain about the election.	I feel the same way, friend!
I feel the same way, friend!	I recently read another Trump-bashing article from some unknown media source. It made a false comparison to JFK.
I recently read another Trump-bashing article from some unknown media source. It made a false comparison to JFK.	You know, I'm old enough to remember Walter Kronkite just reading the news, not giving their opinions as facts. I don't like how the media does this today.
You know, I'm old enough to remember Walter Kronkite just reading the news, not giving their opinions as facts. I don't like how the media does this today.	Those were the days.
Those were the days.	Do you remember when Trump first started talking about "Fake News"? Everybody was saying, "What's he talking about?" "He just made this word up". Well, I think everybody knows exactly what he was talking about, now.
Do you remember when Trump first started talking about "Fake News"? Everybody was saying, "What's he talking about?" "He just made this word up". Well, I think everybody knows exactly what he was talking about, now.	I agree. A child could tell that most so-call news programs are biased. The aforementioned author (?) went on to slam the "fake news" truth with pseudo-intellectual dribble.
I agree. A child could tell that most so-call news programs are biased. The aforementioned author (?) went on to slam the "fake news" truth with pseudo-intellectual dribble.	Very true. To change the subject until my blood pressure medicine has time to kick in. Lol Do you watch much tv?
Very true. To change the subject until my blood pressure medicine has time to kick in. Lol Do you watch much tv?	Ha, Ha, I done with the propaganda. I do watch TV. I can't believe there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon"! That equates to about 50 a year for 16 years!
Ha, Ha, I done with the propaganda. I do watch TV. I can't believe there are over 750 episodes of "Pokemon"! That equates to about 50 a year for 16 years!	Yeah, that's a shocker for sure. I don't understand the fascination with Pokemon?
Yeah, that's a shocker for sure. I don't understand the fascination with Pokemon?	Never got it either. I guess the UK didn't get the 70's Show. They tried it there under the name "Days Like These" and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
Never got it either. I guess the UK didn't get the 70's Show. They tried it there under the name "Days Like These" and it was cancelled after 10 episodes.	Must not have translated well across the pond! Do you watch the Simpsons?
Must not have translated well across the pond! Do you watch the Simpsons?	I do once in a while. I understand that there is one episode that didn't show or discuss Bart. I like Homer...
I do once in a while. I understand that there is one episode that didn't show or discuss Bart. I like Homer...	I Know, I heard that and I can't remember ever seeing it? Did you?
I Know, I heard that and I can't remember ever seeing it? Did you?	Nope, not that I can recall. Did you know that the White House (WH) guest house is larger that the WH?
Nope, not that I can recall. Did you know that the White House (WH) guest house is larger that the WH?	Yeah, I find it funny that its larger than the white house.But, I believe there are many levels underground at the White House that they are not counting in that measurement!
Yeah, I find it funny that its larger than the white house.But, I believe there are many levels underground at the White House that they are not counting in that measurement!	Probably. They say that the top 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. They are obviously taking inflation into account.
Probably. They say that the top 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. They are obviously taking inflation into account.	Obviously, but it looks like Bush, Clinton, or Trump would have made that list.
Obviously, but it looks like Bush, Clinton, or Trump would have made that list.	Yeah and I didn't think JFK was that rich. His daddy Joe was from bootlegging booze during prohibition. Funny, astronauts vote from space so I have no excuse...
Yeah and I didn't think JFK was that rich. His daddy Joe was from bootlegging booze during prohibition. Funny, astronauts vote from space so I have no excuse...	That's right you have no excuse! MAGA 2020 lol Well, it's been nice chatting with you, friend. I have to get to church, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day.
That's right you have no excuse! MAGA 2020 lol Well, it's been nice chatting with you, friend. I have to get to church, I'll talk to you later. Have a good day.	Do you watch much television?
Do you watch much television?	Yeah, I watch some shows from time to time, you?
Yeah, I watch some shows from time to time, you?	Me too, I like the animated ones like south park, family guy, and the simpsons. You ever watch those?
Me too, I like the animated ones like south park, family guy, and the simpsons. You ever watch those?	Yes, South Park and sometimes Family Guy. Haven't kept up with the Simpsons in years though... although I do try to catch the Halloween eps!
Yes, South Park and sometimes Family Guy. Haven't kept up with the Simpsons in years though... although I do try to catch the Halloween eps!	For sure, I love the treehouse of horrors! Did you ever watch the south park where they made fun of family guy?
For sure, I love the treehouse of horrors! Did you ever watch the south park where they made fun of family guy?	Yes, I remember that one! I've heard they got flowers from The Simpsons crew after they aired that episode. THat's pretty funny!
Yes, I remember that one! I've heard they got flowers from The Simpsons crew after they aired that episode. THat's pretty funny!	yea that was a funny episode, i still hear them say "simpsons did it
yea that was a funny episode, i still hear them say "simpsons did it	Speaking of Simpsons, did you know there's only ONE episode does not appear nor is he mentioned? One out of like I think around 600 or so episodes now..
Speaking of Simpsons, did you know there's only ONE episode does not appear nor is he mentioned? One out of like I think around 600 or so episodes now..	Dang that is crazy, I wonder which one and what the reason was. Did you ever watch pokemon?
Dang that is crazy, I wonder which one and what the reason was. Did you ever watch pokemon?	I've seen parts of it.. but that was really after my time as far as kids shows go. Do you watch it regularly?
I've seen parts of it.. but that was really after my time as far as kids shows go. Do you watch it regularly?	I used to watch it regularly growing up, not so much anymore, there is like 750 pokemon episodes, I wonder if they ever caught them all!
I used to watch it regularly growing up, not so much anymore, there is like 750 pokemon episodes, I wonder if they ever caught them all!	There were several eps we never got to see here in the States. Like one where James becomes a woman (!) to enter a beauty contest and fool Ash and company. (Dunno why they just didn't have Jesse enter...) Ahhh, Japan!
There were several eps we never got to see here in the States. Like one where James becomes a woman (!) to enter a beauty contest and fool Ash and company. (Dunno why they just didn't have Jesse enter...) Ahhh, Japan!	SAY WHAT? lol, I never knew that lol I will have to check it out. How about that 70s show, fan?
SAY WHAT? lol, I never knew that lol I will have to check it out. How about that 70s show, fan?	I watched it a little bit. I've heard they tried to redo it in the UK but it didn't work out so well...
I watched it a little bit. I've heard they tried to redo it in the UK but it didn't work out so well...	I heard that, only lasted like 10 episodes there, I think we just have so different of comedy
I heard that, only lasted like 10 episodes there, I think we just have so different of comedy	Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I mean, did you know The Office is based on a British tv show of the same name?
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I mean, did you know The Office is based on a British tv show of the same name?	For sure, the office is the best show I have ever seen, I didnt like the British
For sure, the office is the best show I have ever seen, I didnt like the British	You know speaking of kids shows.. can you believe George Carlin narrated Thomas the Tank engine for over 52 episodes? I just can't picture a cynical fellow like him narrating a kids show...
You know speaking of kids shows.. can you believe George Carlin narrated Thomas the Tank engine for over 52 episodes? I just can't picture a cynical fellow like him narrating a kids show...	I used to watch thomas the tank all the time, I wish I would have know that famous actors were the voices.
I used to watch thomas the tank all the time, I wish I would have know that famous actors were the voices.	Oh, yeah, they also had Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin as narrators. Show had some pretty impressive voice talent!
Oh, yeah, they also had Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin as narrators. Show had some pretty impressive voice talent!	For sure, I will rewatch it sometime and be amazed lol. Speaking of television, how do you like our president?
For sure, I will rewatch it sometime and be amazed lol. Speaking of television, how do you like our president?	Ahhh.. I don't like to get into politics... too many arguments spring up. LOL. Lots just say he's got good and bad stuff about him and I'll leave it at that.
Ahhh.. I don't like to get into politics... too many arguments spring up. LOL. Lots just say he's got good and bad stuff about him and I'll leave it at that.	I agree, lets just end it at that lol. It was so good chatting with you!
I agree, lets just end it at that lol. It was so good chatting with you!	Hello there, do you watch much television?
Hello there, do you watch much television?	I use too. I stream a lot more now due to advertisements. How about you?
I use too. I stream a lot more now due to advertisements. How about you?	I think you are like a lot of people in that sense. I watch a lot of sports programs myself.
I think you are like a lot of people in that sense. I watch a lot of sports programs myself.	Thats one of the few reasons to keep normal tv. Animated cartoons are my thing
Thats one of the few reasons to keep normal tv. Animated cartoons are my thing	That is a good point. Did you use to watch cartoons on Saturday mornings growing up?
That is a good point. Did you use to watch cartoons on Saturday mornings growing up?	I did! Pokemon was one of them. There are now over 750 episodes
I did! Pokemon was one of them. There are now over 750 episodes	That is just crazy how many episodes of that show they have made, wow.
That is just crazy how many episodes of that show they have made, wow.	If you watched 50 a year. It would take 16 years
If you watched 50 a year. It would take 16 years	That is crazy, I wonder how much it cost to make that many shows?
That is crazy, I wonder how much it cost to make that many shows?	I really wonder if it would take longer than 16 years to find the one episode of the simpsons where bart is neither mentioned or appears
I really wonder if it would take longer than 16 years to find the one episode of the simpsons where bart is neither mentioned or appears	Same here, I think it is in one of the later seasons of the show because I have seen most but not that one.
Same here, I think it is in one of the later seasons of the show because I have seen most but not that one.	I like that the crew of the simpsons sent flowers to the south park guys
I like that the crew of the simpsons sent flowers to the south park guys	Isn't that funny! I bet they all got a good laugh out of it!
Isn't that funny! I bet they all got a good laugh out of it!	Im glad none of them take tv jokes too serious. I think that our current president might have a problem with this
Im glad none of them take tv jokes too serious. I think that our current president might have a problem with this	Geez yeah I can't agree with you more on that, I don't like the way he handles jokes.
Geez yeah I can't agree with you more on that, I don't like the way he handles jokes.	How do you think he would take it knowing he's not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents
How do you think he would take it knowing he's not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents	Well knowing him, he would be super jealous and probably claim it's fake news and he really is the most wealthy.
Well knowing him, he would be super jealous and probably claim it's fake news and he really is the most wealthy.	You know what would make for great tv. If Hillary was VP with him.
You know what would make for great tv. If Hillary was VP with him.	Yeah wouldn't that be something if they went back to that old system. It would be a reality show.
Yeah wouldn't that be something if they went back to that old system. It would be a reality show.	Not great for our country. But great for views
Not great for our country. But great for views	And I'm sure that's what the big tv exec's want. Nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day.
And I'm sure that's what the big tv exec's want. Nice chatting with you today, I hope you have a good day.	hey did you know that Trump wouldn't qualify as one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents in US history?
hey did you know that Trump wouldn't qualify as one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents in US history?	Interesting, I suppose on an inflation adjusted basis that may be right.
Interesting, I suppose on an inflation adjusted basis that may be right.	ya thats what I think, they must have adjusted for inflation, also crazy is that the white house's guest house is bigger than the white house itself
ya thats what I think, they must have adjusted for inflation, also crazy is that the white house's guest house is bigger than the white house itself	I didn't know that, but I've seen the white house, it's not that big to be honest.
I didn't know that, but I've seen the white house, it's not that big to be honest.	I only saw it once during my middle school trip, I'll have to check it out next time I'm in DC, what is wild is that the second place finisher in the Presidential elections used to become the VP, can you imagine Hillary as VP to Trump as President? That would be wild
I only saw it once during my middle school trip, I'll have to check it out next time I'm in DC, what is wild is that the second place finisher in the Presidential elections used to become the VP, can you imagine Hillary as VP to Trump as President? That would be wild	Yeah, honestly though I think those 2 get along. It's all for tv. What's crazy is that Air travel is 10% slower these days than in the 60s.
Yeah, honestly though I think those 2 get along. It's all for tv. What's crazy is that Air travel is 10% slower these days than in the 60s.	that is crazy I wonder why that is? I want the Dutch to finish their bus they're working on, it can go 160mph, that sounds fun!
that is crazy I wonder why that is? I want the Dutch to finish their bus they're working on, it can go 160mph, that sounds fun!	How long have they been working on it?
How long have they been working on it?	I'm not sure but I think it is coming along, also I do travel a lot for work and Japan doesn't have free highways, all of their highways have tolls, that sounds like it'd be really annoying
I'm not sure but I think it is coming along, also I do travel a lot for work and Japan doesn't have free highways, all of their highways have tolls, that sounds like it'd be really annoying	Sounds like where I live. Nothing but tolls, total scam.
Sounds like where I live. Nothing but tolls, total scam.	ya that does sound annoying, in Japan I guess to travel the whole country you would have to pay $300 in tolls which isn't cheap
ya that does sound annoying, in Japan I guess to travel the whole country you would have to pay $300 in tolls which isn't cheap	Interesting, I wonder if in the age of ships people released rabbits onto the Japanese island for further food sources.
Interesting, I wonder if in the age of ships people released rabbits onto the Japanese island for further food sources.	hmm ya I don't know, I do live in michigan and we have this island called Mackinac Island, all motor vehicles are banned so they only allow horses on there
hmm ya I don't know, I do live in michigan and we have this island called Mackinac Island, all motor vehicles are banned so they only allow horses on there	Interesting, we have a place like that over here in the beach called Assateague island.
Interesting, we have a place like that over here in the beach called Assateague island.	ah interesting, what state is that? i've never heard of that island
ah interesting, what state is that? i've never heard of that island	Technically, it is in Ocean City, Maryland. I'ts pretty cool.
Technically, it is in Ocean City, Maryland. I'ts pretty cool.	interesting, I go to Baltimore for work sometimes, did you know that the iphone has more cpu power than the US nuclear missile deterrent, kind of scary!
interesting, I go to Baltimore for work sometimes, did you know that the iphone has more cpu power than the US nuclear missile deterrent, kind of scary!	Wow! that is scary, what kind of chips do they use then?
Wow! that is scary, what kind of chips do they use then?	I don't know I think theyre just so old that current technology is vastly superior haha
I don't know I think theyre just so old that current technology is vastly superior haha	That's probably true, or that the technology for such a system doesn't need to be the complex.
That's probably true, or that the technology for such a system doesn't need to be the complex.	ya that must be it, maybe it is simple and more reliable
ya that must be it, maybe it is simple and more reliable	Hi there, did you know there is a 3g internet tower at the top of Everest?
Hi there, did you know there is a 3g internet tower at the top of Everest?	wow I didn't know that, good thing people can take selfies at the top! have you ever used a hamburger button online?
wow I didn't know that, good thing people can take selfies at the top! have you ever used a hamburger button online?	I thought that was such a strange name but yes i have. Be careful of constant clicking on websites it creates an addiction in your brain.
I thought that was such a strange name but yes i have. Be careful of constant clicking on websites it creates an addiction in your brain.	haha I probably have that addiction, I'm just glad the internet is being backed up somewhere every day, I would be so sad if it went down and we lost all our internet knowledge
haha I probably have that addiction, I'm just glad the internet is being backed up somewhere every day, I would be so sad if it went down and we lost all our internet knowledge	The world would be in an uproar. There keeping the copy at the Alexandria Library, right?
The world would be in an uproar. There keeping the copy at the Alexandria Library, right?	yup thats right, by the way, have you ever read the terms of service on a website? I never have, apparently only 7% of people do, are you one of the 7% haha
yup thats right, by the way, have you ever read the terms of service on a website? I never have, apparently only 7% of people do, are you one of the 7% haha	Nah i'm in the higher class of 93%, haha. It's to much jargon. Did yoiu know that storms on Jupiter are so powerful they can be picked up on AM radio?
Nah i'm in the higher class of 93%, haha. It's to much jargon. Did yoiu know that storms on Jupiter are so powerful they can be picked up on AM radio?	wow I didn't know that, I'll have to check it out, what about a foxhole radio? have you ever made one? maybe I can make one and listen to Jupiter haha
wow I didn't know that, I'll have to check it out, what about a foxhole radio? have you ever made one? maybe I can make one and listen to Jupiter haha	Yeah a razor blade and a pencil should do the trick! ha! I think its cool that Canada plays 40% of its music on the radio in house.
Yeah a razor blade and a pencil should do the trick! ha! I think its cool that Canada plays 40% of its music on the radio in house.	ya that is cool, idk how good that music is but its a good idea haha, would you ever listen to classical latin on the radio?
ya that is cool, idk how good that music is but its a good idea haha, would you ever listen to classical latin on the radio?	Can't see a reason why i would but hey i guess you never know. How about you?
Can't see a reason why i would but hey i guess you never know. How about you?	haha no I wouldn't understand it, but apparently that is a station in finland, they started it in 1989
haha no I wouldn't understand it, but apparently that is a station in finland, they started it in 1989	Wow i heard there a station that plays classical radio drama for free.
Wow i heard there a station that plays classical radio drama for free.	ya I want to listen to that, I'm always down for free haha, do you watch tv btw?
ya I want to listen to that, I'm always down for free haha, do you watch tv btw?	Yeah mostly Hulu and Netflix, how about you?
Yeah mostly Hulu and Netflix, how about you?	ya I don't even have cable haha, so ya lots of netflix, I do like south park though
ya I don't even have cable haha, so ya lots of netflix, I do like south park though	Now that im aware of but never really got into it. I did watch the Simpsons though.
Now that im aware of but never really got into it. I did watch the Simpsons though.	ya, they did an episode where southpark made fun of family guy and the simpsons creators sent them flowers because it was spot on analysis haha, thats a great episode.
ya, they did an episode where southpark made fun of family guy and the simpsons creators sent them flowers because it was spot on analysis haha, thats a great episode.	Wow i did see that one. I hear there is one episode where Bart does not appear or is he mentioned. Did you see that one?
Wow i did see that one. I hear there is one episode where Bart does not appear or is he mentioned. Did you see that one?	no I haven't butr now I want to! I wonder if they just forgot about him, do you like the show That 70's show
no I haven't butr now I want to! I wonder if they just forgot about him, do you like the show That 70's show	I haven't seen that one either. I did hear they tried to remake it though.
I haven't seen that one either. I did hear they tried to remake it though.	ya they did, it was going to be in the UK and was cancelled after 10 episodes haha they must have different humor over there
ya they did, it was going to be in the UK and was cancelled after 10 episodes haha they must have different humor over there	I suppose you know that there are 32 teams in the NFL?
I suppose you know that there are 32 teams in the NFL?	I knew there were a lot, but I don't think I knew the exact number. That makes sense though with how it's separated between the NFC and AFC
I knew there were a lot, but I don't think I knew the exact number. That makes sense though with how it's separated between the NFC and AFC	Yes. To increase TV revenue they added a bye week for each team so there are 17 weeks for each team to play 16 games. More TV revenue.
Yes. To increase TV revenue they added a bye week for each team so there are 17 weeks for each team to play 16 games. More TV revenue.	That makes sense though. The Super Bowl is a big deal and is one of the most watched sporting events of the year
That makes sense though. The Super Bowl is a big deal and is one of the most watched sporting events of the year	It usually is on the first Sunday of February, just like it was last week-end.
It usually is on the first Sunday of February, just like it was last week-end.	The first playoff game was in 1932 and took place in Chicago. Now it's become a big deal to most Americans
The first playoff game was in 1932 and took place in Chicago. Now it's become a big deal to most Americans	It is a social event with lots of Super Bowl parties. 12 teams make the play-offs and then it boils down to the 2 in the big game.
It is a social event with lots of Super Bowl parties. 12 teams make the play-offs and then it boils down to the 2 in the big game.	One cool thing they do is embed chips in the shoulder pads to keep track of the players on the field. That makes it easier to keep track of stats and plays
One cool thing they do is embed chips in the shoulder pads to keep track of the players on the field. That makes it easier to keep track of stats and plays	That is an innovative use of technology. Women are okay to have as players according to the rules.
That is an innovative use of technology. Women are okay to have as players according to the rules.	It's hard to imagine men and women tackling one another in that way. One of the coaches was a rocket scientist before he started coaching in the NFL. That definitely a change of career
It's hard to imagine men and women tackling one another in that way. One of the coaches was a rocket scientist before he started coaching in the NFL. That definitely a change of career	Sure is! The New Orleans cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player. If one comes in while the cheerleader is eating, she has to leave. Probably a rule requested by the player's wives.
Sure is! The New Orleans cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as an NFL player. If one comes in while the cheerleader is eating, she has to leave. Probably a rule requested by the player's wives.	That's pretty crazy, but understandable. Out of all the quarterbacks in the NFL, only one is left handed. That is surprising
That's pretty crazy, but understandable. Out of all the quarterbacks in the NFL, only one is left handed. That is surprising	I played defensive back in high school. It is hard to catch one from a lefty, it is spinning backwards. An NFL game only has 11 minutes of action yet they work out nearly year round to be in shape for that.
I played defensive back in high school. It is hard to catch one from a lefty, it is spinning backwards. An NFL game only has 11 minutes of action yet they work out nearly year round to be in shape for that.	Only eleven minutes?! I've played a flag football game that had more action than that. There was a Super Bowl winning quarterback who threw a touchdown pass to himself
Only eleven minutes?! I've played a flag football game that had more action than that. There was a Super Bowl winning quarterback who threw a touchdown pass to himself	There is always some play that one has never seen before. I went to Oklahoma University and a recent QB there, Baker Mayfield, almost quite football to play competitive gaming. He won the Heisman in football
There is always some play that one has never seen before. I went to Oklahoma University and a recent QB there, Baker Mayfield, almost quite football to play competitive gaming. He won the Heisman in football	Apparently there's another Heisman winner, Lamar Jackson, who has recently been signed on as the Raven's quarterback. He set records while he was in college
Apparently there's another Heisman winner, Lamar Jackson, who has recently been signed on as the Raven's quarterback. He set records while he was in college	Imagine being a high school coach of a jv team that loses every game, never scores a touchdown and your back-up QB is Tom Brady and you don't put him in for a single play. It happened.
Imagine being a high school coach of a jv team that loses every game, never scores a touchdown and your back-up QB is Tom Brady and you don't put him in for a single play. It happened.	That's crazy. I guess that shows that most don't peak in high school. There's a quarterback who is in the MLB under contract even though he hasn't played a regular season game in years
That's crazy. I guess that shows that most don't peak in high school. There's a quarterback who is in the MLB under contract even though he hasn't played a regular season game in years	This year's Heisman winner was also at Oklahoma. He has a 4.66 million bonus for baseball but may go in the NFL draft as well. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was a junior in college when he enrolled in college.
This year's Heisman winner was also at Oklahoma. He has a 4.66 million bonus for baseball but may go in the NFL draft as well. Alex Smith took so many AP tests in high school that he was a junior in college when he enrolled in college.	The quarterback is definitely one of the determinants in how well a team will do in the season. They touch the ball probably the most of all the players on the team
The quarterback is definitely one of the determinants in how well a team will do in the season. They touch the ball probably the most of all the players on the team	Well, the center touches it more since he sometimes hikes it directly to a running back. However, the QB has the most meaningful touches. Nice talk!
Well, the center touches it more since he sometimes hikes it directly to a running back. However, the QB has the most meaningful touches. Nice talk!	did you know that there's a version of soccer where three teams face each other, at the same time? it's pretty cool
did you know that there's a version of soccer where three teams face each other, at the same time? it's pretty cool	Wild game. I would love to see that and listen to the announcers trying to keep track of everything. Do they play with more than one ball?
Wild game. I would love to see that and listen to the announcers trying to keep track of everything. Do they play with more than one ball?	honestly, I have no idea. I would imagine that it's one ball, and maybe only one net, but who knows.
honestly, I have no idea. I would imagine that it's one ball, and maybe only one net, but who knows.	Soccer mis really popular globally. So much so that it makes more money thanfootball, baseball, basketball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined! I wonder if they have a game where soccer and baseball are played on the same field at the same time... LOL
Soccer mis really popular globally. So much so that it makes more money thanfootball, baseball, basketball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined! I wonder if they have a game where soccer and baseball are played on the same field at the same time... LOL	That doesn't surprise me, it appears to be the most popular sport in the world, since it's played everywhere. Even Jon stewart used to be a soccer player!
That doesn't surprise me, it appears to be the most popular sport in the world, since it's played everywhere. Even Jon stewart used to be a soccer player!	I bet eh was great at talking trash during the game. He probably would make the other team laugh and then slip one by the goalie. I wish they didn't call it soccer in the US, but called it association football.
I bet eh was great at talking trash during the game. He probably would make the other team laugh and then slip one by the goalie. I wish they didn't call it soccer in the US, but called it association football.	Haha, for sure. gotta use whatever you have in your arsenal to win! Honestly, I prefer "soccer", it's nice and short, and just rolls off the tongue.
Haha, for sure. gotta use whatever you have in your arsenal to win! Honestly, I prefer "soccer", it's nice and short, and just rolls off the tongue.	But can you use the tongue is soccer? You can't use the arms on field. That might handicap Stewart too!
But can you use the tongue is soccer? You can't use the arms on field. That might handicap Stewart too!	hahahah, very true, forget the tongue. American football is also very popular, some of those games go on forever, despite the average game only having 11 minutes of actual live gameplay
hahahah, very true, forget the tongue. American football is also very popular, some of those games go on forever, despite the average game only having 11 minutes of actual live gameplay	In soccer they earn their money, running for what seems like hours. In NFL, the spend most of their time in the huddle, which seems like a break.
In soccer they earn their money, running for what seems like hours. In NFL, the spend most of their time in the huddle, which seems like a break.	that's definitely so true. Same with baseball.
that's definitely so true. Same with baseball.	I would guess the NFL coach has a better workout than most of the players. This is not true for the baseball coach, who can literally drink throughout the entire game. If the NFL puts tracking chips in the balls and the other equipment, where would baseball put the tracking chips?
I would guess the NFL coach has a better workout than most of the players. This is not true for the baseball coach, who can literally drink throughout the entire game. If the NFL puts tracking chips in the balls and the other equipment, where would baseball put the tracking chips?	I'd assume that you could put chips into the baseball's themselves, or even the baseball bats. Those things are so tiny, they can go anywhere.
I'd assume that you could put chips into the baseball's themselves, or even the baseball bats. Those things are so tiny, they can go anywhere.	Wejj, at the risk of sounding crude, I think the best thing about NFL is the cheerleaders. They are underappreciated. You know, in New Orleans, cheerleaders aren't even allowed to dine in the same location as the players. Now that is underappreciated!
Wejj, at the risk of sounding crude, I think the best thing about NFL is the cheerleaders. They are underappreciated. You know, in New Orleans, cheerleaders aren't even allowed to dine in the same location as the players. Now that is underappreciated!	Wow, I wonder what the reasoning is for that? Seems rather sexist, but i'm sure there's a method to that madness. I know the NFL has no rules against female players though, so maybe they aren't sexist
Wow, I wonder what the reasoning is for that? Seems rather sexist, but i'm sure there's a method to that madness. I know the NFL has no rules against female players though, so maybe they aren't sexist	Maybe they are encouraging cheerleaders to become future players. In any event, the NFL does have it's good players too. Like Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB.
Maybe they are encouraging cheerleaders to become future players. In any event, the NFL does have it's good players too. Like Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB.	Only one left-handed player? that's insane, there's so many players in the NFL, what are the odds of that
Only one left-handed player? that's insane, there's so many players in the NFL, what are the odds of that	A left-handed QB is rare. It requires a whole differnt strategy for recruiting linemen, designing and calling plays, and even hiking. But they would not need to change the huddle, a practice started to protect the QB while he was calling plays--to block the other team from seeing signals, etc.
A left-handed QB is rare. It requires a whole differnt strategy for recruiting linemen, designing and calling plays, and even hiking. But they would not need to change the huddle, a practice started to protect the QB while he was calling plays--to block the other team from seeing signals, etc.	Oh wow, that's insane. who knew being left handed would make such a difference in a spot. Considering how dangerous the sport is, i'm surprised people still play it
Oh wow, that's insane. who knew being left handed would make such a difference in a spot. Considering how dangerous the sport is, i'm surprised people still play it	Yeah. The QB at Oklahoma considered quitting to become a professional gamer. I don't know if he made the right decision...
Yeah. The QB at Oklahoma considered quitting to become a professional gamer. I don't know if he made the right decision...	now that's a big change in career path. but to be fair, gamers are actually making decent money these days, and injuries are almost non-existant, so it may be the better option
now that's a big change in career path. but to be fair, gamers are actually making decent money these days, and injuries are almost non-existant, so it may be the better option	I really hope Lamar Jackson does well
I really hope Lamar Jackson does well	He did pretty well in college. Winning the heisman is a big accomplishment
He did pretty well in college. Winning the heisman is a big accomplishment	Yes and he is smart too! Entering college as a junior because of AP tests
Yes and he is smart too! Entering college as a junior because of AP tests	I didn't know that. Trading up for a player and having a first round label always puts extra pressure on players
I didn't know that. Trading up for a player and having a first round label always puts extra pressure on players	Yes his teammate Griffin has experienced that kind of pressure.
Yes his teammate Griffin has experienced that kind of pressure.	Oh yeah! They had similar rookie seasons. Leading their teams to the playoffs. And both 1st round heisman winners!
Oh yeah! They had similar rookie seasons. Leading their teams to the playoffs. And both 1st round heisman winners!	Absolutely. They just need to learn to make smart decisions when playing and think well
Absolutely. They just need to learn to make smart decisions when playing and think well	Hope he can continue success like the guy he replaced. Flacco was a super bowl winner
Hope he can continue success like the guy he replaced. Flacco was a super bowl winner	Yes. He has a good coach in Urban who will let him be himself.
Yes. He has a good coach in Urban who will let him be himself.	Qb is the most important position. They touch the ball on almost every play
Qb is the most important position. They touch the ball on almost every play	yes. He did great in college - lots of passing and rushing yards and touchdowns. But the NFL can be different
yes. He did great in college - lots of passing and rushing yards and touchdowns. But the NFL can be different	And only 2 african-american quarterbacks have won the super bowl. Crazy to think about that
And only 2 african-american quarterbacks have won the super bowl. Crazy to think about that	Yes. Especially in this day with the National Anthem debate - Jerry Jones has been ripped for his views
Yes. Especially in this day with the National Anthem debate - Jerry Jones has been ripped for his views	Im glad some players have been able to voice their opinions. Ivory coast soccer player didier drogba singlehandedly stopped a civil war in his home country
Im glad some players have been able to voice their opinions. Ivory coast soccer player didier drogba singlehandedly stopped a civil war in his home country	I have never heard of that soccer player. That is interesting. Soccer players do make a lot of money
I have never heard of that soccer player. That is interesting. Soccer players do make a lot of money	They do. It is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies, making it the world's most popular sport.
They do. It is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies, making it the world's most popular sport.	Yes that is a lot! Did you know there is a 3-team at once version of soccer? Crazy!
Yes that is a lot! Did you know there is a 3-team at once version of soccer? Crazy!	I did not know that! Must be intense. Kinda makes me think of chinese checkers
I did not know that! Must be intense. Kinda makes me think of chinese checkers	Yes. That sounds like fun! I still think its funny that Americans call football soccer instead of football - short for association football
Yes. That sounds like fun! I still think its funny that Americans call football soccer instead of football - short for association football	Yeah and in american football . They use their hands a lot more than their feet on the ball
Yeah and in american football . They use their hands a lot more than their feet on the ball	Yes. American football is all about the hands.
Yes. American football is all about the hands.	I am watching the news on television right now - do you remember when all of the tvs were black and white?
I am watching the news on television right now - do you remember when all of the tvs were black and white?	I don't remember that though I do remember having one black and white tv. Interesting that before WWII the TV was not commonplace in homes.
I don't remember that though I do remember having one black and white tv. Interesting that before WWII the TV was not commonplace in homes.	Yes radio was the only game in town back then. I love Pokemon and I am thinking about binge-watching all 750 episodes this weekend.
Yes radio was the only game in town back then. I love Pokemon and I am thinking about binge-watching all 750 episodes this weekend.	Is that even possible in a weekend? Seems like it would take a while! That's a lot of episodes! I don't like cartoons really but I do like the Simpsons.
Is that even possible in a weekend? Seems like it would take a while! That's a lot of episodes! I don't like cartoons really but I do like the Simpsons.	Yes they are great. They even sent flowers to the producers of South Park when the show ended!
Yes they are great. They even sent flowers to the producers of South Park when the show ended!	I like Bart a lot. There is only one episode where he didn't appear and wasn't mentioned.
I like Bart a lot. There is only one episode where he didn't appear and wasn't mentioned.	That is weird. I wonder why? My kids always loved Thomas the Tank. Did you ever see that?
That is weird. I wonder why? My kids always loved Thomas the Tank. Did you ever see that?	I was wondering why myself. I used to watch Thomas when it was still stop motion. Sad now that it's CGI, not quite the same. Interesting that Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin have all narrated at least 52 episodes each.
I was wondering why myself. I used to watch Thomas when it was still stop motion. Sad now that it's CGI, not quite the same. Interesting that Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin have all narrated at least 52 episodes each.	Wow! That is a lot. I used to love the 70's show but it was apparently not a hit in the UK.
Wow! That is a lot. I used to love the 70's show but it was apparently not a hit in the UK.	I think the reason why is they tried to re-do it verbatim. Maybe a lot of jokes didn't translate. The actors might not have been as charismatic either!
I think the reason why is they tried to re-do it verbatim. Maybe a lot of jokes didn't translate. The actors might not have been as charismatic either!	That is true. I have spent a lot of time these days listening to classic radio dramas - there is a website with a huge collection.
That is true. I have spent a lot of time these days listening to classic radio dramas - there is a website with a huge collection.	Interesting! I don't listen to the radio much though I would love to learn how to make a foxhole radio like WWII soldiers did.
Interesting! I don't listen to the radio much though I would love to learn how to make a foxhole radio like WWII soldiers did.	Yeah I do not understand how a razorblade and a pencil can turn into a radio!
Yeah I do not understand how a razorblade and a pencil can turn into a radio!	I also am amazed that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that you can hear them on an AM radio.
I also am amazed that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that you can hear them on an AM radio.	That is pretty insane. But it is probably better than listening to Latin like one station in Finland plays.
That is pretty insane. But it is probably better than listening to Latin like one station in Finland plays.	Yeah I wonder how many people can actually understand it or even want to listen to it.
Yeah I wonder how many people can actually understand it or even want to listen to it.	I have no idea. I might prefer Canadian music - 40 % of all music in Canada has to be canadian!
I have no idea. I might prefer Canadian music - 40 % of all music in Canada has to be canadian!	So I have to look up more Canadian artists because all I can think of is Justin Bieber and Drake!
So I have to look up more Canadian artists because all I can think of is Justin Bieber and Drake!	Yeah - you might look that up on the Internet - this global network is amazing
Yeah - you might look that up on the Internet - this global network is amazing	Yeah, I will have to. Interesting that anywhere in the world pretty much we can get reception, even on Mt. Everest!
Yeah, I will have to. Interesting that anywhere in the world pretty much we can get reception, even on Mt. Everest!	That is pretty awesome. The internet is pretty addicting though - the constant novelty gets to you after a while.
That is pretty awesome. The internet is pretty addicting though - the constant novelty gets to you after a while.	Yeah, I think I might have an addiction to clicking-it is a real addiction!
Yeah, I think I might have an addiction to clicking-it is a real addiction!	Are you more a fan of gridiron football or soccer?
Are you more a fan of gridiron football or soccer?	I enjoyed both. Probably soccer more. What about you?
I enjoyed both. Probably soccer more. What about you?	Down here, football is a religion, at least at the collegiate level. I am a football season ticket holder for my alma mater, the LSU Tigers. I do follow the Saints in the NFL; they are a much stronger competitive team than when I was growing up!
Down here, football is a religion, at least at the collegiate level. I am a football season ticket holder for my alma mater, the LSU Tigers. I do follow the Saints in the NFL; they are a much stronger competitive team than when I was growing up!	I imagine so. Does NO have a new stadium or dome or something? I seemed to remember hearing something about that.
I imagine so. Does NO have a new stadium or dome or something? I seemed to remember hearing something about that.	Not yet. What I found interesting was that we had a high level female referee in the NFL playoff games. I am glad that glass ceiling is broken. Do you think we will ever have female players?
Not yet. What I found interesting was that we had a high level female referee in the NFL playoff games. I am glad that glass ceiling is broken. Do you think we will ever have female players?	I doubt it. The game is too brutal and size is too important. Maybe as a kicker? I don't know.
I doubt it. The game is too brutal and size is too important. Maybe as a kicker? I don't know.	I would agree, to a point. I could see them getting a start in a "lower contact" position such as a kicker. What are your thoughts about tech in football? They have tracking chips in shoulder pads to record player movements and in the football to measure speed, rotation, and location.
I would agree, to a point. I could see them getting a start in a "lower contact" position such as a kicker. What are your thoughts about tech in football? They have tracking chips in shoulder pads to record player movements and in the football to measure speed, rotation, and location.	I figure they can use the data for strategy. Maybe understand how injuries occur. Could help.
I figure they can use the data for strategy. Maybe understand how injuries occur. Could help.	I agree. I could also see it be a good quarterback training / skill refinement tool. I recently read that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed NFL QB. Do you think being left-handed QB is advantageous?
I agree. I could also see it be a good quarterback training / skill refinement tool. I recently read that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed NFL QB. Do you think being left-handed QB is advantageous?	I don't know. I think maybe the offense has to rearrange itself for that shift. I think that blocking assignments might change.
I don't know. I think maybe the offense has to rearrange itself for that shift. I think that blocking assignments might change.	True. Its more obvious in baseball where left-handedness is a plus for a first baseman. In hashing over your thoughts about tech and injuries, I know concussions are a hot topic in the NFL. Do you think they are an issue in soccer? After all, in soccer, they do head-butt the ball!
True. Its more obvious in baseball where left-handedness is a plus for a first baseman. In hashing over your thoughts about tech and injuries, I know concussions are a hot topic in the NFL. Do you think they are an issue in soccer? After all, in soccer, they do head-butt the ball!	The ball is probably not going to be as big a problem because it does not have the mass for the momentum. Rugby could be another sport with concussion problems though.
The ball is probably not going to be as big a problem because it does not have the mass for the momentum. Rugby could be another sport with concussion problems though.	What I find interesting is that soccer, or association football as it is known internationally, makes more money that football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined. I would have never thought that to be possible!
What I find interesting is that soccer, or association football as it is known internationally, makes more money that football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined. I would have never thought that to be possible!	It is the world sport. People love soccer. It is a way of life. They play, they discuss, they cheer. Men and women.
It is the world sport. People love soccer. It is a way of life. They play, they discuss, they cheer. Men and women.	I never thought of it that way. But I can understand it. At a small Mexican restaurant in this area, the place is split in half with one side being a sit-down restaurant and the other side is a bar. The TV over the bar is always tuned into a Spanish speaking soccer channel. Did you know that a variation of soccer involves 3 teams facing off at the same time. I wonder how do you play that on a regulation field?
I never thought of it that way. But I can understand it. At a small Mexican restaurant in this area, the place is split in half with one side being a sit-down restaurant and the other side is a bar. The TV over the bar is always tuned into a Spanish speaking soccer channel. Did you know that a variation of soccer involves 3 teams facing off at the same time. I wonder how do you play that on a regulation field?	I can't imagine the purpose of that game. How many refs? What are the rules? How do you bet on that?
I can't imagine the purpose of that game. How many refs? What are the rules? How do you bet on that?	Seems insane. I have not followed soccer much but it seems to be growing here in the deep south with increases in Hispanic population. Did you know that Jon Stewart was a collegiate soccer star?
Seems insane. I have not followed soccer much but it seems to be growing here in the deep south with increases in Hispanic population. Did you know that Jon Stewart was a collegiate soccer star?	He has the build of a soccer player, so I am not surprised. He must have started young.
He has the build of a soccer player, so I am not surprised. He must have started young.	It seems like they start young, at least younger than in gridiron football. I had a 5-year old granddaughter play soccer last year. I enjoyed watching her even though at that age it is not strategy - just follow and kick the ball.
It seems like they start young, at least younger than in gridiron football. I had a 5-year old granddaughter play soccer last year. I enjoyed watching her even though at that age it is not strategy - just follow and kick the ball.	Yes, they are developing many things at that age. Social skills, physical skills, strategy. It takes a while. But it's great exercise. Anyway, great chat!
Yes, they are developing many things at that age. Social skills, physical skills, strategy. It takes a while. But it's great exercise. Anyway, great chat!	Same to you. One thing you can say is that soccer is here to stay with 250,000,000 players in 200+ countries. Wow!
Same to you. One thing you can say is that soccer is here to stay with 250,000,000 players in 200+ countries. Wow!	Hi, how are you doing this fine evening?
Hi, how are you doing this fine evening?	Hi hows it going? I am good. do you watch television?
Hi hows it going? I am good. do you watch television?	I used to watch television a lot. I don't watch so much now. How about you?
I used to watch television a lot. I don't watch so much now. How about you?	Me either, I like watching shows and movies that are streamed like netflix hulu or hbo.
Me either, I like watching shows and movies that are streamed like netflix hulu or hbo.	Yeah, I usually want to check out shows on my schedule. So you use the Internet a lot for your entertainment?
Yeah, I usually want to check out shows on my schedule. So you use the Internet a lot for your entertainment?	Mostly yes. Did you know daniel radcliffe voice the cartoon parody of edward cullen on the simpsons? That is so funny.
Mostly yes. Did you know daniel radcliffe voice the cartoon parody of edward cullen on the simpsons? That is so funny.	He must get tons of offers for voice work and such. I wonder if he is going to get Thomas the Tank Engine. Everyone else seems to have had a crack at that.
He must get tons of offers for voice work and such. I wonder if he is going to get Thomas the Tank Engine. Everyone else seems to have had a crack at that.	maybe. He seems like a very versed actor, he probably would if offered to him.
maybe. He seems like a very versed actor, he probably would if offered to him.	A Finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' since 1989. This is a weekly *news* program entirely in classical Latin. I wonder if they could get Daniel to read for that. The spells in Harry Potter sound like Latin.
A Finnish radio station has broadcast 'nuntii latini' since 1989. This is a weekly *news* program entirely in classical Latin. I wonder if they could get Daniel to read for that. The spells in Harry Potter sound like Latin.	Do they? lol they dont sound latin to me. Yeah that would be pretty cool to have him speak in latin. I wonder if he has ever done radio before.
Do they? lol they dont sound latin to me. Yeah that would be pretty cool to have him speak in latin. I wonder if he has ever done radio before.	I guess he could go to the website with thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. I wonder how many visitors show up there, and what their average age is.
I guess he could go to the website with thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. I wonder how many visitors show up there, and what their average age is.	there is a station that translates solar activity , you can listen to the suns music.
there is a station that translates solar activity , you can listen to the suns music.	Probably about as interesting as that news program in Latin.
Probably about as interesting as that news program in Latin.	did you know bill murray voiced the human torch in the fantastic four show in the 70s?
did you know bill murray voiced the human torch in the fantastic four show in the 70s?	Bill has a long, varied track record as an entertainer. I never picture him as the Human Torch though.
Bill has a long, varied track record as an entertainer. I never picture him as the Human Torch though.	did you know in finland everyone has the right to an internet connection.
did you know in finland everyone has the right to an internet connection.	That sounds like Finland. Very socialist! Do you believe that the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the Internet in case the Internet burns to the ground? This sounds entirely bogus to me. How could you make a copy of the whole Internet? It changes much too quickly.
That sounds like Finland. Very socialist! Do you believe that the current library of Alexandria has a copy of the Internet in case the Internet burns to the ground? This sounds entirely bogus to me. How could you make a copy of the whole Internet? It changes much too quickly.	Anything is possible I guess, I dont even entirely understand how the tv works lol so yeah I believe that someone has a backup of the internet lol
Anything is possible I guess, I dont even entirely understand how the tv works lol so yeah I believe that someone has a backup of the internet lol	I had fun chatting with you! Have a good night! Gotta go to the top of Everest to check the Internet speed. I'll be back soon.
I had fun chatting with you! Have a good night! Gotta go to the top of Everest to check the Internet speed. I'll be back soon.	lol same to you, have a good one.
lol same to you, have a good one.	Bye!
Bye!	I couldn't live with out the internet. Thank goodness it's even accessible from Mt. Everest, although the 3 g speed would annoy me.
I couldn't live with out the internet. Thank goodness it's even accessible from Mt. Everest, although the 3 g speed would annoy me.	For sure, I wouldnt be able to climb Mt everest without my phone! I love me some television though
For sure, I wouldnt be able to climb Mt everest without my phone! I love me some television though	Huge simpson's fan here! I just realized there was one episode where Bart never appeared! They didn't even mention him.
Huge simpson's fan here! I just realized there was one episode where Bart never appeared! They didn't even mention him.	I heard that! That is awesome, and interesting, how about Pokemon, have you ever watched any of the 750 episodes?
I heard that! That is awesome, and interesting, how about Pokemon, have you ever watched any of the 750 episodes?	No, I never got into the pokemon craze, even after it being on for 16 years.
No, I never got into the pokemon craze, even after it being on for 16 years.	I was as a kid, but now that it is back I don't care anymore. I did probably watch a majority of those episodes as a kid.
I was as a kid, but now that it is back I don't care anymore. I did probably watch a majority of those episodes as a kid.	I commute so I always have the radio on. I was in Canada the other day and I couldn't find a station playing an american artist. I guess they are required to play 40% canadian music.
I commute so I always have the radio on. I was in Canada the other day and I couldn't find a station playing an american artist. I guess they are required to play 40% canadian music.	I had the problem too the other day, makes sense now! Did you know Jupiter's radio storms are so strong they can be picked up on an am radio?
I had the problem too the other day, makes sense now! Did you know Jupiter's radio storms are so strong they can be picked up on an am radio?	I'm not surprised. The properties of electromagnetic energy fascinate me. I want to try to build a radio like the soldiers in WWii
I'm not surprised. The properties of electromagnetic energy fascinate me. I want to try to build a radio like the soldiers in WWii	Right, I heard about that. The used razors and other items right to make radios?
Right, I heard about that. The used razors and other items right to make radios?	Yes! They used a pencil as the diode. Do you ever listen to classic radio dramas?
Yes! They used a pencil as the diode. Do you ever listen to classic radio dramas?	I do not, do you recommend them?
I do not, do you recommend them?	There's a whole website you can listen to thousands of classic radio episodes for free. I don't know it off hand, but I'm sure you can search for it.
There's a whole website you can listen to thousands of classic radio episodes for free. I don't know it off hand, but I'm sure you can search for it.	That is interesting, I will have to check it out. I like the internet, do you use it much?
That is interesting, I will have to check it out. I like the internet, do you use it much?	Too much! I always thought I was addicted but now the science has proved the addition is real.
Too much! I always thought I was addicted but now the science has proved the addition is real.	Ha for sure, me too! the constant novelty clicking links can cause addictions!
Ha for sure, me too! the constant novelty clicking links can cause addictions!	Do you actually read the full terms when buying something on the internet? I heard only 7% do. I'm definitely in the 93%
Do you actually read the full terms when buying something on the internet? I heard only 7% do. I'm definitely in the 93%	Me too, I have never once looked, I could be selling my soul to the devil for all i know
Me too, I have never once looked, I could be selling my soul to the devil for all i know	For sure, I guess I should go back to the good old days of TV. Become a slave to South Park and the Family Guy again.
For sure, I guess I should go back to the good old days of TV. Become a slave to South Park and the Family Guy again.	lol I am still watching those shows!
lol I am still watching those shows!	I sometimes catch a rerun. I heard recently when South Park and Family guy ended the Simpsons' crew sent them flowers!
I sometimes catch a rerun. I heard recently when South Park and Family guy ended the Simpsons' crew sent them flowers!	right, they really hit them where it counts!
right, they really hit them where it counts!	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	i used to listen to the radio. not so much now. you?
i used to listen to the radio. not so much now. you?	Not much either, with Spotify and other services Im using it less and less.
Not much either, with Spotify and other services Im using it less and less.	i dont usually use spotify. i use youtube. why do you like spotify?
i dont usually use spotify. i use youtube. why do you like spotify?	I like it because its free and theres also a great selection of music,
I like it because its free and theres also a great selection of music,	are there any commercials? those drive me crazy.
are there any commercials? those drive me crazy.	Yeah thats the downside, theres also a paid version its not that expensive, I think its worth it
Yeah thats the downside, theres also a paid version its not that expensive, I think its worth it	that sounds good. i guess radio has to change to suit the internet world. i listened to music as a kid. when i commute i sometimes listen to the news, but i usually want it quiet.
that sounds good. i guess radio has to change to suit the internet world. i listened to music as a kid. when i commute i sometimes listen to the news, but i usually want it quiet.	Yeah I think it has, well there are some cool facts about the radio like the Jupiter storms and how they get picked by am radio
Yeah I think it has, well there are some cool facts about the radio like the Jupiter storms and how they get picked by am radio	the radio is like an audio telescope. you can also listen to solar activity on your radio.
the radio is like an audio telescope. you can also listen to solar activity on your radio.	You can also listen to solar activity? thats impressive
You can also listen to solar activity? thats impressive	yes, you could also listen to the news in latin if you lived in finland. not sure how many people actually listen to that.
yes, you could also listen to the news in latin if you lived in finland. not sure how many people actually listen to that.	I think it has some fans, its been around since 1989 so some people must love the program
I think it has some fans, its been around since 1989 so some people must love the program	if it has been going for that long, im sure that there are dedicated followers. but why latin? why not ancient greek? LOL
if it has been going for that long, im sure that there are dedicated followers. but why latin? why not ancient greek? LOL	I know right, few people understant that language lol I hear theres a really popular site with thousands of drama episodes as well
I know right, few people understant that language lol I hear theres a really popular site with thousands of drama episodes as well	that would be worth looking into. those old dramas involved a lot of creativity. i probalby know one or two of them.
that would be worth looking into. those old dramas involved a lot of creativity. i probalby know one or two of them.	Yeah I love dramas, and what are your thoughts on that Canadian law, the one that requires 40% of the music in their stations to be Canadian
Yeah I love dramas, and what are your thoughts on that Canadian law, the one that requires 40% of the music in their stations to be Canadian	i guess that the govt wants to protect home grown talent. how will they do that with the internet though.
i guess that the govt wants to protect home grown talent. how will they do that with the internet though.	I think its a great law it also promotes local talent so thats a great iniciative
I think its a great law it also promotes local talent so thats a great iniciative	its good to give the local talent a chance. the us market dominates. Anyway, great chat!
its good to give the local talent a chance. the us market dominates. Anyway, great chat!	I know right, support locals and its also been great chatting with you have a great morning.
I know right, support locals and its also been great chatting with you have a great morning.	Would you be much of a sports fan?
Would you be much of a sports fan?	I enjoy watching football. My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offensive team.
I enjoy watching football. My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offensive team.	Yes, that is the glory position, everyone's eyes are on you.
Yes, that is the glory position, everyone's eyes are on you.	Yeah exactly and with that comes a lot of pressure. They touch the ball on almost every offensive play.
Yeah exactly and with that comes a lot of pressure. They touch the ball on almost every offensive play.	I know very little about football, I do know the names of some quarterbacks, but that is about the extent of my knowledge.
I know very little about football, I do know the names of some quarterbacks, but that is about the extent of my knowledge.	Well that is better than some people! Do you like listening to the radio? Sometimes you can hear Jupiter on an a.m. radio.
Well that is better than some people! Do you like listening to the radio? Sometimes you can hear Jupiter on an a.m. radio.	Not sure that sounds very interesting. Do you listen to sports radio like The Team 980?
Not sure that sounds very interesting. Do you listen to sports radio like The Team 980?	Sometimes I listen to ESPN the radio and the team 980 apparently has a partnership with them now.
Sometimes I listen to ESPN the radio and the team 980 apparently has a partnership with them now.	I'm always amazed they can find so much to talk about. What do they call it Monday Morning Quarterback?
I'm always amazed they can find so much to talk about. What do they call it Monday Morning Quarterback?	I'm not sure why they call it that. But they do have a show called morning blitz which is hosted by Al Galdi!
I'm not sure why they call it that. But they do have a show called morning blitz which is hosted by Al Galdi!	I like to listen to the radio a fir bit, but more to music than anything else.
I like to listen to the radio a fir bit, but more to music than anything else.	Yeah I love listening to music too especially on my iPhone. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
Yeah I love listening to music too especially on my iPhone. The iPhone has more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.	It's amazing how far technology advances. Even so, I'm amazed that people can make radios out of razor blades and pencils, iphones are way beyond me.
It's amazing how far technology advances. Even so, I'm amazed that people can make radios out of razor blades and pencils, iphones are way beyond me.	Yeah isn't that amazing. Apparently the soldiers used to call them fox hole radios.
Yeah isn't that amazing. Apparently the soldiers used to call them fox hole radios.	They probably weren't listening to sports radio back then. I've tried listening to dramas on the radio but I lose focus.
They probably weren't listening to sports radio back then. I've tried listening to dramas on the radio but I lose focus.	Yeah me too they're kind of boring. It is nice to be able to speak with people all over the world though apparently the cables caring phone and Internet data across the oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter.
Yeah me too they're kind of boring. It is nice to be able to speak with people all over the world though apparently the cables caring phone and Internet data across the oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter.	Even that amazes me, imagine stringing that cable across the ocean, I suppose on the back of a massive ship.
Even that amazes me, imagine stringing that cable across the ocean, I suppose on the back of a massive ship.	Yeah that would be so cool to see how they did it. Back in the days of the rotary phone 212 used to be the fastest number to dial that's why the New York area code is just that.
Yeah that would be so cool to see how they did it. Back in the days of the rotary phone 212 used to be the fastest number to dial that's why the New York area code is just that.	Why do they get first choice? I still recall those old rotary phone, you'd dial it and wait for it to recoil.
Why do they get first choice? I still recall those old rotary phone, you'd dial it and wait for it to recoil.	Yeah I bet some people still have those things. One cool thing that UNICEF does is that they donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone!
Yeah I bet some people still have those things. One cool thing that UNICEF does is that they donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone!	I don't use mine plenty, I'll have to contact them, not by phone, obviously. have a good day, bye.
I don't use mine plenty, I'll have to contact them, not by phone, obviously. have a good day, bye.	hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?
hi how are you? do you listen to the radio?	I do like to listen to it on the way to work. How about you?
I do like to listen to it on the way to work. How about you?	I used to listen to the radio a lot as a kid. i dont listen much now. i go to youtube.
I used to listen to the radio a lot as a kid. i dont listen much now. i go to youtube.	That's not a bad source! I would like to heard what Jupiter radio storms sound like!
That's not a bad source! I would like to heard what Jupiter radio storms sound like!	Probably a lot like solar activity. lots of static and roaring. give the news in latin any day!
Probably a lot like solar activity. lots of static and roaring. give the news in latin any day!	haha well said! Have you heard of foxhole radios?
haha well said! Have you heard of foxhole radios?	Are they special radios? i thought troops normally had radios.
Are they special radios? i thought troops normally had radios.	I'm sure not all did in world war two! They made them out of razor blades and pencils. That is crazy to me!
I'm sure not all did in world war two! They made them out of razor blades and pencils. That is crazy to me!	That is quite creative. i wonder what they listened to. the news in Latin? LOL
That is quite creative. i wonder what they listened to. the news in Latin? LOL	They were just happy to hear it! Maybe that's how that finnish radio station started doing their show in latin?
They were just happy to hear it! Maybe that's how that finnish radio station started doing their show in latin?	I wonder who started that. some professor? since 1989, people have listened.
I wonder who started that. some professor? since 1989, people have listened.	They probably have an audience of 5 people that know the language haha. Do you have an iphone?
They probably have an audience of 5 people that know the language haha. Do you have an iphone?	I do not have an iphone. i find them too expensive. You?
I do not have an iphone. i find them too expensive. You?	I have one, but it is 4 years old because of that reason haha. The iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent!
I have one, but it is 4 years old because of that reason haha. The iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent!	plus the deterrent does not do chat messaging very well. LOL
plus the deterrent does not do chat messaging very well. LOL	Haha you are probably right! I think UNICEF is doing good when it comes to cell phones!
Haha you are probably right! I think UNICEF is doing good when it comes to cell phones!	if they can get people to put their phones down! people are addicted!
if they can get people to put their phones down! people are addicted!	They really are! So many kids could have clean water for a day if people stayed away from their phones!
They really are! So many kids could have clean water for a day if people stayed away from their phones!	Yes, but people like their phones like they are heroin! Anyway, great chat!
Yes, but people like their phones like they are heroin! Anyway, great chat!	Great chat to you as well, have an awesome day!
Great chat to you as well, have an awesome day!	Yes, you too! stay safe!
Yes, you too! stay safe!	Thanks!
Thanks!	How are you today?
How are you today?	Great! I was just doing a little shopping online. Browsing the Amazon internet jungle... You?
Great! I was just doing a little shopping online. Browsing the Amazon internet jungle... You?	Amazon is trying to take over the world.
Amazon is trying to take over the world.	It amazes me that the company is only 25 years old and is already valued as the most valuable retailer in the US. Ahead of Walmart!
It amazes me that the company is only 25 years old and is already valued as the most valuable retailer in the US. Ahead of Walmart!	Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain. I'm told its supposed to run for 10,000 years.
Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain. I'm told its supposed to run for 10,000 years.	I guess he wants to be punctual? I am also amazed that Amazon was able to get the US Postal Service to deliver mail on Sunday! That is a miracle!
I guess he wants to be punctual? I am also amazed that Amazon was able to get the US Postal Service to deliver mail on Sunday! That is a miracle!	How did they do that?
How did they do that?	The power of packages! The warehouse workers walk about 15 miles per day! Sounds like boot camp!
The power of packages! The warehouse workers walk about 15 miles per day! Sounds like boot camp!	Tell me about it, haha! Imagine having a building named after you just for making the first purchase.
Tell me about it, haha! Imagine having a building named after you just for making the first purchase.	I hope he didn't buy something embarrassing! TO be remembered forever for buying a book about pansies.... I think Bezos should run for President!
I hope he didn't buy something embarrassing! TO be remembered forever for buying a book about pansies.... I think Bezos should run for President!	I think i would have to vote for him. What ever he purchased was less than $30.00.
I think i would have to vote for him. What ever he purchased was less than $30.00.	If he won the Presidency, he would be one of the richest ever! Maybe even top JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, the reignig top three richest Presidents!
If he won the Presidency, he would be one of the richest ever! Maybe even top JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, the reignig top three richest Presidents!	You might be right. Did you know that Amazon also own IMDB?
You might be right. Did you know that Amazon also own IMDB?	Nice! One more reason to vote Bezos 2020! He could give everyone amazon prime memberships for free as part of his platform!
Nice! One more reason to vote Bezos 2020! He could give everyone amazon prime memberships for free as part of his platform!	Too Funny!! Can you imagine Trump & Hilary in the white house together?
Too Funny!! Can you imagine Trump & Hilary in the white house together?	Disagreeing... sure! Maybe they could record an album together, like th President of Indonesia did while in office.
Disagreeing... sure! Maybe they could record an album together, like th President of Indonesia did while in office.	Oh my God stop it!! That man had 3 pop albums, they don't have half a one between them.
Oh my God stop it!! That man had 3 pop albums, they don't have half a one between them.	But Trump is buddies with Kanye West. He is moving in that direction...
But Trump is buddies with Kanye West. He is moving in that direction...	Don't get me started on the Alternate realities, please! Apparently in 1805 the runner up automatically became the VP.
Don't get me started on the Alternate realities, please! Apparently in 1805 the runner up automatically became the VP.	Nice! Perhaps if they bring that rule back then ever political problem in the country would magically dissapear!...NOT!
Nice! Perhaps if they bring that rule back then ever political problem in the country would magically dissapear!...NOT!	RIGHT!! Nice chatting with you.
RIGHT!! Nice chatting with you.	Would you like to travel up the Amazon River?
Would you like to travel up the Amazon River?	I think that would be wonderful. I would love to see the indigenous people and also all the animals and plants.
I think that would be wonderful. I would love to see the indigenous people and also all the animals and plants.	I would also, except it must be very hot and humid. I have a picture of my mother in a launch traveling up to Curacao back in the 1930's. She was very adventurous. She saw a real shrunken human head on her journey.
I would also, except it must be very hot and humid. I have a picture of my mother in a launch traveling up to Curacao back in the 1930's. She was very adventurous. She saw a real shrunken human head on her journey.	Yeah I'd be kind of scared!
Yeah I'd be kind of scared!	I think she was. There were no roads and no hotels. Just native villages. I think the natives should be left alone. We are going in there too much and bringing our ways with us.
I think she was. There were no roads and no hotels. Just native villages. I think the natives should be left alone. We are going in there too much and bringing our ways with us.	What an adventurous lady! I think it's sad that the Zapara population has shrunk dramatically from 200,000 in the beginning of thte 20th century to less than 500 today.
What an adventurous lady! I think it's sad that the Zapara population has shrunk dramatically from 200,000 in the beginning of thte 20th century to less than 500 today.	That's my point. They don't do well because we have been involved with them too much. Indigenous tribes don't have immunity from our diseases for one thing.
That's my point. They don't do well because we have been involved with them too much. Indigenous tribes don't have immunity from our diseases for one thing.	They have fought against the mining and oil industries that have destroyed their lands.
They have fought against the mining and oil industries that have destroyed their lands.	People want their resources and are willing to destroy the tribes to get them. It is such a rich area and there is so much to explore there. I wish they would be left in peace.
People want their resources and are willing to destroy the tribes to get them. It is such a rich area and there is so much to explore there. I wish they would be left in peace.	Their only protection is that roads don't reach them but I guess that is not protection enough.
Their only protection is that roads don't reach them but I guess that is not protection enough.	I guess the oil companies can make their own roads really fast if they want to get to these places. What a shame.
I guess the oil companies can make their own roads really fast if they want to get to these places. What a shame.	Yeah, apparently the jungle is part of their bodies. They feel it's where their spirits and ancestors live.
Yeah, apparently the jungle is part of their bodies. They feel it's where their spirits and ancestors live.	They have a different way of living and looking at things. I think it is beautiful. The Brazilian and Ecuadorian governments should protect them.
They have a different way of living and looking at things. I think it is beautiful. The Brazilian and Ecuadorian governments should protect them.	I think so too. I like how some tribes work together to support each other. Wish we would do that in our society.
I think so too. I like how some tribes work together to support each other. Wish we would do that in our society.	They have a much more simple way of life. We live in a world of Capitalism where it's dog eat dog, so to speak. I think there are too many people on this planet all trying to get at the resources first.
They have a much more simple way of life. We live in a world of Capitalism where it's dog eat dog, so to speak. I think there are too many people on this planet all trying to get at the resources first.	I know in our society if we did that it would not work, but I do sometimes long for a simpler way of life. I'm glad that some of these villages stand up for what they believe in. It's tragic that some of them are murdered for being activists.
I know in our society if we did that it would not work, but I do sometimes long for a simpler way of life. I'm glad that some of these villages stand up for what they believe in. It's tragic that some of them are murdered for being activists.	They are very brave for standing up for their rights but I think that there are too few of them and they will end up losing. What a shame.
They are very brave for standing up for their rights but I think that there are too few of them and they will end up losing. What a shame.	Right. Much as I admire their lifestyle, admittedly, I am addicted to shopping. I like to use Amazon a lot.
Right. Much as I admire their lifestyle, admittedly, I am addicted to shopping. I like to use Amazon a lot.	I have Amazon Prime. I buy almost everything from them except food. I enjoy sitting in front of the computer in my PJ's and window shopping. lol
I have Amazon Prime. I buy almost everything from them except food. I enjoy sitting in front of the computer in my PJ's and window shopping. lol	Haha, in a few years people will probably ask "why do they call it window shopping? perhaps they were sitting near a window while shopping online?" Wish I was the first Amazon customer though. He got a building named after him.
Haha, in a few years people will probably ask "why do they call it window shopping? perhaps they were sitting near a window while shopping online?" Wish I was the first Amazon customer though. He got a building named after him.	It was probably a friend of Bezos' Or a family member.
It was probably a friend of Bezos' Or a family member.	Most likely. What do you think of the clock that Jeff Bezos built on the side of a mountain?
Most likely. What do you think of the clock that Jeff Bezos built on the side of a mountain?	Hi, how do you feel about Amazon? Personally I couldnt live without them.
Hi, how do you feel about Amazon? Personally I couldnt live without them.	Hello, I love Amazon. I'm a prime member. What about you?
Hello, I love Amazon. I'm a prime member. What about you?	Me too! I love that I can even get packages on Sundays!
Me too! I love that I can even get packages on Sundays!	Me too! I saw that Amazon holds a patent on the 1-click buying.
Me too! I saw that Amazon holds a patent on the 1-click buying.	Really? That is genius. It is said the more clicks you have to make the less likely you are to go through with the process.
Really? That is genius. It is said the more clicks you have to make the less likely you are to go through with the process.	I agree. Amazon has a website that sells returned and like-new items with discounts.
I agree. Amazon has a website that sells returned and like-new items with discounts.	It is crazy to thinkk that Bezos developed all of that from a simple online book store.
It is crazy to thinkk that Bezos developed all of that from a simple online book store.	I agree. Jeff Bezos is one of the richest men in the world.
I agree. Jeff Bezos is one of the richest men in the world.	So rich he could afford to build a clock in a mountain that rill run for 10,000 years.
So rich he could afford to build a clock in a mountain that rill run for 10,000 years.	That's pretty crazy! Did you know that Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon?
That's pretty crazy! Did you know that Best Buy and Target will price match Amazon?	I didn't, but that is good to know. I am always looking for ways to find the cheapest things.
I didn't, but that is good to know. I am always looking for ways to find the cheapest things.	Me too. The arrow in Amazon's logo means they have everything from a to z.
Me too. The arrow in Amazon's logo means they have everything from a to z.	I saw that recently on a hidden meanings and objects in logos thing. They really do have everything you could ever want. That is why their warehouse workers walk 7-15 miles each day.
I saw that recently on a hidden meanings and objects in logos thing. They really do have everything you could ever want. That is why their warehouse workers walk 7-15 miles each day.	That's a lot of walking! Do you listen to the radio?
That's a lot of walking! Do you listen to the radio?	From time to time, mostly into podcasts now.
From time to time, mostly into podcasts now.	I love the radio. There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.
I love the radio. There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen live to the sun's music.	I have heard that, I am interested to see what that actually sounds like.
I have heard that, I am interested to see what that actually sounds like.	Me too. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's Fantastic Four show.
Me too. Bill Murray voiced the human torch in the 1970's Fantastic Four show.	That is neat. Did you know in Canada that 40% of the music must be Canadian on the radio?
That is neat. Did you know in Canada that 40% of the music must be Canadian on the radio?	I think I have heard that before. I guess it makes sense.
I think I have heard that before. I guess it makes sense.	Then there is that one station in Finland that I am sure almost no one listens to, you know, the one in Classical Latin
Then there is that one station in Finland that I am sure almost no one listens to, you know, the one in Classical Latin	That's interesting. Well it was a good chatting with you.
That's interesting. Well it was a good chatting with you.	Good morning, have you ever picked up any of the radio storms from Jupiter? They can be found sometimes on an AM station.
Good morning, have you ever picked up any of the radio storms from Jupiter? They can be found sometimes on an AM station.	I have not actually. I do know that there is a way to make a radio using a razorblade and a pencil as a diode.
I have not actually. I do know that there is a way to make a radio using a razorblade and a pencil as a diode.	That's called a foxhole radio. My grandfather showed me how to make one.
That's called a foxhole radio. My grandfather showed me how to make one.	That is awesome. Did you know that radio stations in canada are required to play at least 40 percent canadian music?
That is awesome. Did you know that radio stations in canada are required to play at least 40 percent canadian music?	Are there even that many Canadian artists? I am trying to find the station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.
Are there even that many Canadian artists? I am trying to find the station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.	Im not sure about that station, but I know of a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas.
Im not sure about that station, but I know of a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas.	I will have to find that one, I love the old radio dramas. It's crazy to think that Amazon warehouse workers walk up to 15 miles per shift. I couldnt do it.
I will have to find that one, I love the old radio dramas. It's crazy to think that Amazon warehouse workers walk up to 15 miles per shift. I couldnt do it.	It really is. I think its even more amazing that Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain and it is supposed to run for 10000 years.
It really is. I think its even more amazing that Jeff Bezos built a clock into a mountain and it is supposed to run for 10000 years.	That is insane. I wonder what the purpose of it is? Then again, he does some pretty crazy stuff, like naming a building after the first Amazon customer.
That is insane. I wonder what the purpose of it is? Then again, he does some pretty crazy stuff, like naming a building after the first Amazon customer.	Yeah think about that. You spend 27.95 on a website and get a building named after you. That would be pretty cool.
Yeah think about that. You spend 27.95 on a website and get a building named after you. That would be pretty cool.	I'm just thankful I get my packages delivered on Sundays, lol.
I'm just thankful I get my packages delivered on Sundays, lol.	That was a good deal that they made with the postal service. Did you know that amazon also owns IMDB.
That was a good deal that they made with the postal service. Did you know that amazon also owns IMDB.	I did not know that. I really like some of their original productions, from Amazon Studios.
I did not know that. I really like some of their original productions, from Amazon Studios.	Did you know that Amazon surpassed wal mart as the number one retailer in world.
Did you know that Amazon surpassed wal mart as the number one retailer in world.	I didn't but I can believe it. They are everywhere, even in publishing.
I didn't but I can believe it. They are everywhere, even in publishing.	On another topic. Did you know that the three wealthiest presidents were washington JFK and
On another topic. Did you know that the three wealthiest presidents were washington JFK and	Jefferson? It's interesting that trump isn't on that list.
Jefferson? It's interesting that trump isn't on that list.	Yes it is. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election was made vice president. Could you see that working today?
Yes it is. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election was made vice president. Could you see that working today?	I think that would be awesome. Things may actually get done. Could you imagine any of ours releasing a pop album, like the President of Indonesia?
I think that would be awesome. Things may actually get done. Could you imagine any of ours releasing a pop album, like the President of Indonesia?	I could see trump releasing a dis album about Hillary. It would have an explicit lyrics warning on it though.
I could see trump releasing a dis album about Hillary. It would have an explicit lyrics warning on it though.	I wouldn't enjoy those lyrics! Imagine if his name was a fruit, like President Banana, the first President of Zimbabwe.
I wouldn't enjoy those lyrics! Imagine if his name was a fruit, like President Banana, the first President of Zimbabwe.	Lol. Well Im gonna have to be getting off here. Have a good one.
Lol. Well Im gonna have to be getting off here. Have a good one.	Thanks, you too.
Thanks, you too.	Bye.
Bye.	Hi there! Do you still listen to the radio?
Hi there! Do you still listen to the radio?	In the car, the radio is on. I have one here in the office. I might turn it on. It is creepy thinking about radio waves and oscillating fields.
In the car, the radio is on. I have one here in the office. I might turn it on. It is creepy thinking about radio waves and oscillating fields.	I agree with you. I've thought about that as well. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong you can pick them up on an AM radio?
I agree with you. I've thought about that as well. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong you can pick them up on an AM radio?	And right now, those Jupiter radio waves are passing through you. The electromagnetic waves are lovingly caressing your fillings. Exploring the spaces between your nostrils.
And right now, those Jupiter radio waves are passing through you. The electromagnetic waves are lovingly caressing your fillings. Exploring the spaces between your nostrils.	Hhahahahaa In Canada, it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played be Canadian artists.
Hhahahahaa In Canada, it's a law that at least 40 percent of the music played be Canadian artists.	That might explain Canadians fascination with country and western. They want to listen to "Earth, third rock from the sun" by Billy Ray. They need another Canadian to sing it on the radio.
That might explain Canadians fascination with country and western. They want to listen to "Earth, third rock from the sun" by Billy Ray. They need another Canadian to sing it on the radio.	lol Nice. 3rd Rock won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.
lol Nice. 3rd Rock won the golden globe for best comedy series in 1997.	It is hard to believe a show about aliens beat a show about nothing. TV will never have a cultural level playing field like Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier again. VanDelay industries has bankrupted us all.
It is hard to believe a show about aliens beat a show about nothing. TV will never have a cultural level playing field like Seinfeld, Friends and Frasier again. VanDelay industries has bankrupted us all.	LOL That's an interesting take on it. hahaha
LOL That's an interesting take on it. hahaha	Comedy is about the shared experience. An old man shouting "get off my lawn" is funny. It can be funny because your old, or because your a kid on someones lawn. Northrop Fry is a hack.
Comedy is about the shared experience. An old man shouting "get off my lawn" is funny. It can be funny because your old, or because your a kid on someones lawn. Northrop Fry is a hack.	lol I didn't realize that Comedy Central was created in 1989?
lol I didn't realize that Comedy Central was created in 1989?	And ever since 1989 a Finish radio station have been broadcasting 'nuntii latini' a news program in pig latin. Coincidence? I think so.
And ever since 1989 a Finish radio station have been broadcasting 'nuntii latini' a news program in pig latin. Coincidence? I think so.	I wonder who listens to it? lol The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black. I bet it would have been better than the Ryan Reynolds one.
I wonder who listens to it? lol The Green Lantern was supposed to be a comedy starring Jack Black. I bet it would have been better than the Ryan Reynolds one.	I dont know, Jack Black might be overrated. Ryan Reynolds has been doing a bang up job in deadpool.
I dont know, Jack Black might be overrated. Ryan Reynolds has been doing a bang up job in deadpool.	I agree with you there! Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums white in office? Talk about a politcal comedy.... lol
I agree with you there! Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums white in office? Talk about a politcal comedy.... lol	Yes, I hope Trump releases an album. but my favorite thing is the first name of the President of Zimbabwe.
Yes, I hope Trump releases an album. but my favorite thing is the first name of the President of Zimbabwe.	Hahaha....What was the name of the Zimbabwe president?
Hahaha....What was the name of the Zimbabwe president?	First name, Top. Last name Banana. He likes his martinis shaken not stirred. Like anyone ever stirred a martini.
First name, Top. Last name Banana. He likes his martinis shaken not stirred. Like anyone ever stirred a martini.	lol I was surprised to read that the US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.
lol I was surprised to read that the US presidents guest house is larger than the white house.	The white house has thick wall. Must make it seem small. Maybe the guest house is newer.
The white house has thick wall. Must make it seem small. Maybe the guest house is newer.	Maybe! lol It was a good chat! Have a good day!
Maybe! lol It was a good chat! Have a good day!	Do you listen to the radio still?
Do you listen to the radio still?	Yes, on the way to work. How about you?
Yes, on the way to work. How about you?	Same here when I commute to work and also when work is slow at the office.
Same here when I commute to work and also when work is slow at the office.	Have you ever picked up Jupiter's storms by accident?You can hear them on the AM radio.
Have you ever picked up Jupiter's storms by accident?You can hear them on the AM radio.	You can? woah that is amazing, the radio is a big world with a lot of interesting content.
You can? woah that is amazing, the radio is a big world with a lot of interesting content.	Yeah, there is a Finnish radio station that plays a weekly news programme in Classical Latin. Wonder how many people listen to it and understand it.
Yeah, there is a Finnish radio station that plays a weekly news programme in Classical Latin. Wonder how many people listen to it and understand it.	I think it has a fan segment yeah, its been around since 1989 so some people must like it
I think it has a fan segment yeah, its been around since 1989 so some people must like it	Yeah, you're right. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas, free of charge. Not my thing but probably means something to some people.
Yeah, you're right. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas, free of charge. Not my thing but probably means something to some people.	There is? that site sounds great, I wonder if theres also a site with thousands of comedy shows
There is? that site sounds great, I wonder if theres also a site with thousands of comedy shows	I would definitely like that more!
I would definitely like that more!	Yeah seems like you like comedies?
Yeah seems like you like comedies?	Yeah, they help me escape! I really liked Friends when I was younger. It's surprising to me that 3rd rock from the sun beat them for the Golden Globe back in 1997.
Yeah, they help me escape! I really liked Friends when I was younger. It's surprising to me that 3rd rock from the sun beat them for the Golden Globe back in 1997.	I didnt watch 3rd Rock from the Sun, was it any good? I guess it was Friends is a really funny show so beating them is not an easy task.
I didnt watch 3rd Rock from the Sun, was it any good? I guess it was Friends is a really funny show so beating them is not an easy task.	Yeah, I was never into 3rd Rock. It was okay but I just watched it because it was on.
Yeah, I was never into 3rd Rock. It was okay but I just watched it because it was on.	I see, have you ever heard of the Python programming language?
I see, have you ever heard of the Python programming language?	Yes, I think I have! I heard the programming language was named to honor British Comedy group Monty Python. I just assumed it had something to do with a snake.
Yes, I think I have! I heard the programming language was named to honor British Comedy group Monty Python. I just assumed it had something to do with a snake.	I also assumed it was because of python snake or a similar reason.
I also assumed it was because of python snake or a similar reason.	Haha, that's funny! Speaking of funny things, do you like Comedy Central? A lot of stuff on there isn't funny to me. They've cancelled over 100 shows since being created in 1989.
Haha, that's funny! Speaking of funny things, do you like Comedy Central? A lot of stuff on there isn't funny to me. They've cancelled over 100 shows since being created in 1989.	They did? that is really unfair I bet many fans of the shows were upset because of that, 100 shows is a lot of them.
They did? that is really unfair I bet many fans of the shows were upset because of that, 100 shows is a lot of them.	Yeah, hopefully they were just unpopular ones.
Yeah, hopefully they were just unpopular ones.	Yeah maybe, one of them was Chappelle show I really liked that one its been great chatting with you today.
Yeah maybe, one of them was Chappelle show I really liked that one its been great chatting with you today.	Oh, really? I will have to check that show out. Great chatting with you!
Oh, really? I will have to check that show out. Great chatting with you!	Do you like to laugh?
Do you like to laugh?	Yes. Who doesn't like to laugh? Maybe nuns?
Yes. Who doesn't like to laugh? Maybe nuns?	I don't know, have you ever seen Sister Act? LOL
I don't know, have you ever seen Sister Act? LOL	HAHAHA. Nice. And, yes I have. I loved that movie. Sister act 2... not so good.
HAHAHA. Nice. And, yes I have. I loved that movie. Sister act 2... not so good.	Yeah. Plus, from experience working at a catholic school, Nuns do laugh. Some of them are quite funny. Not like Whoopi though.
Yeah. Plus, from experience working at a catholic school, Nuns do laugh. Some of them are quite funny. Not like Whoopi though.	I am a public school kid... so keep the intelligence to a minimum... HA!
I am a public school kid... so keep the intelligence to a minimum... HA!	LOL. I'm a product of public schooling too.
LOL. I'm a product of public schooling too.	Ok, we can have a normal conversation then. We'll keep the syllables to a minimum...
Ok, we can have a normal conversation then. We'll keep the syllables to a minimum...	And short sentences. maybe the best sentences. our sentences will be better than anyone else's.
And short sentences. maybe the best sentences. our sentences will be better than anyone else's.	I heard that brevity was important.
I heard that brevity was important.	Is that a President Banana quote?
Is that a President Banana quote?	No. He said "Give me liberty or give me potassium." I heard it really fired up the troop. It was an appealing speech
No. He said "Give me liberty or give me potassium." I heard it really fired up the troop. It was an appealing speech	LOL. I hope he wasn't a little YELLOW when it came to the military.
LOL. I hope he wasn't a little YELLOW when it came to the military.	HA! As long as he wasn't too bunched up.
HA! As long as he wasn't too bunched up.	Maybe we should stop monkeying around and talk about how the president of indonesia has 3 pop albums.
Maybe we should stop monkeying around and talk about how the president of indonesia has 3 pop albums.	Oh no... You just won... I applaud you! My bunch was too much of a stretch but your monkey... Gold!
Oh no... You just won... I applaud you! My bunch was too much of a stretch but your monkey... Gold!	What can I say, I'm pretty puny.
What can I say, I'm pretty puny.	LOL! Nice. I am assuming you like comedy?
LOL! Nice. I am assuming you like comedy?	I definitely do. Especially stand up. Comedy Central is great for some specials on that.
I definitely do. Especially stand up. Comedy Central is great for some specials on that.	I agree. Do you have a favorite comedian?
I agree. Do you have a favorite comedian?	I like Kevin Hart, Adam Sandler, but number one would have to be FLUFFY
I like Kevin Hart, Adam Sandler, but number one would have to be FLUFFY	Who the heck is FLUFFY? Enrique Iglesias (sp?)
Who the heck is FLUFFY? Enrique Iglesias (sp?)	Gabriel Iglesias. Enrique was the singer.
Gabriel Iglesias. Enrique was the singer.	Yeah, based on looks, you could understand my confusion.
Yeah, based on looks, you could understand my confusion.	LOL. DO you have a favorite?
LOL. DO you have a favorite?	I love the classics like Richard Prior and Eddie Murphy. The new stuff, I like Neal Brennan.
I love the classics like Richard Prior and Eddie Murphy. The new stuff, I like Neal Brennan.	Eddie Murphy is classic.
Eddie Murphy is classic.	Love him. Like I loved this chat. Have a good night!
Love him. Like I loved this chat. Have a good night!	What kind of comedy do you like ? I like satire.
What kind of comedy do you like ? I like satire.	I really like dark humor and ironic comedy
I really like dark humor and ironic comedy	On what kind of media (TV, movies, streaming) ? I like movies, those starring Bill Murray are my favorites.
On what kind of media (TV, movies, streaming) ? I like movies, those starring Bill Murray are my favorites.	I like ironic memes on social media and I usually use instagram, facebook, and twitter for this
I like ironic memes on social media and I usually use instagram, facebook, and twitter for this	A good part of memes are based on TV shows and movies, don'T you need to watch TV and movies to appreciate them ?
A good part of memes are based on TV shows and movies, don'T you need to watch TV and movies to appreciate them ?	I do watch movies, mostly classics from the 70s and 80s and occasionally new movies whose genre I like. But a lot of memes I like aren't from TV shows or movies at all
I do watch movies, mostly classics from the 70s and 80s and occasionally new movies whose genre I like. But a lot of memes I like aren't from TV shows or movies at all	Indeed, they are based on viral videos, but some are based on TV shows like South Park on comedy central, do you watch that channel ?
Indeed, they are based on viral videos, but some are based on TV shows like South Park on comedy central, do you watch that channel ?	Nah i only watch good shows like Family Guy
Nah i only watch good shows like Family Guy	Which is a comedy, since when do you watch Family Guy ? I have watched before it was cancelled. I was sad when it happened.
Which is a comedy, since when do you watch Family Guy ? I have watched before it was cancelled. I was sad when it happened.	I watched the first episodes about 5 years ago. very cool.
I watched the first episodes about 5 years ago. very cool.	When it was cancelled, it was before the era of memes, so its popularity was underground, when it was popular on the internet, they brought the show back. It was surprising, most cancelled shows never come back.
When it was cancelled, it was before the era of memes, so its popularity was underground, when it was popular on the internet, they brought the show back. It was surprising, most cancelled shows never come back.	Yes! it was very depressing because family guy saved me from depression.
Yes! it was very depressing because family guy saved me from depression.	It is a good show, with a lot of funny moments. Do you watch any show with actors, like Friends, or Seinfeld ?
It is a good show, with a lot of funny moments. Do you watch any show with actors, like Friends, or Seinfeld ?	No they are overrated imo
No they are overrated imo	So you don't any comedies with actors ? Nothing from Comedy Central, they produce a lot of shows.
So you don't any comedies with actors ? Nothing from Comedy Central, they produce a lot of shows.	I don't watch Tv often so I wouldnt know.
I don't watch Tv often so I wouldnt know.	It is OK, you don't have to watch everything, most people don't that's why Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989.
It is OK, you don't have to watch everything, most people don't that's why Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989.	Hahaha! thats very funny! hahahahahaaha!!
Hahaha! thats very funny! hahahahahaaha!!	It is thought to be funny, and tougher to stay funny. 3rd Rock from the Sun won the Golden Globe for best comedy, beating Friends and Seinfeld, and no one is talking about it now.
It is thought to be funny, and tougher to stay funny. 3rd Rock from the Sun won the Golden Globe for best comedy, beating Friends and Seinfeld, and no one is talking about it now.	Hahahahaha!!!! very funny!
Hahahahaha!!!! very funny!	Keep watching things that make you laugh, it is good for the health, happy holidays.
Keep watching things that make you laugh, it is good for the health, happy holidays.	Hello! Are you a NFL fan?
Hello! Are you a NFL fan?	Yes I am. Did you know that they don't have any rules against women playing?
Yes I am. Did you know that they don't have any rules against women playing?	I had no idea!! I also didn't realize that some teams ban cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant as NFL players.
I had no idea!! I also didn't realize that some teams ban cheerleaders from eating at the same restaurant as NFL players.	Oh yeah, I heard about that. I think it's the New Orleans Saints that do that. It is weird.
Oh yeah, I heard about that. I think it's the New Orleans Saints that do that. It is weird.	Also, how wld that an average game only has 11 minutes of live game play?
Also, how wld that an average game only has 11 minutes of live game play?	Seems like so much longer, especially during the Superbowl that was played on Sunday.
Seems like so much longer, especially during the Superbowl that was played on Sunday.	Agreed! My little brother is a quarterback. It's such an interesting job to me!
Agreed! My little brother is a quarterback. It's such an interesting job to me!	It does seem interesting. They are the leaders of the team. They call the plays in the huddle and scout out the defense before the play.
It does seem interesting. They are the leaders of the team. They call the plays in the huddle and scout out the defense before the play.	Yep! It's so interesting that the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that he could prevent hte other team from seeing his hands.
Yep! It's so interesting that the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so that he could prevent hte other team from seeing his hands.	I like that. I like that anyone can play the game, even a deaf person!
I like that. I like that anyone can play the game, even a deaf person!	Me too!!! imagine being the only left handed person doing your job, who would have thought?
Me too!!! imagine being the only left handed person doing your job, who would have thought?	You're talking about Kellan Moore aren't you? I think he's the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.
You're talking about Kellan Moore aren't you? I think he's the only left handed quarterback in the nfl.	Yes! I'm not really a football person though., I prefer watching tv and movies.
Yes! I'm not really a football person though., I prefer watching tv and movies.	Are you a fan of horror movies? You know watching them can burn more than 180 calories.
Are you a fan of horror movies? You know watching them can burn more than 180 calories.	No way, way more fun than going to the gym!! I've never heard of the waterphone, did you know that it creates a lot of the metallic noises in horro movies?
No way, way more fun than going to the gym!! I've never heard of the waterphone, did you know that it creates a lot of the metallic noises in horro movies?	I didn't know that and I've never heard of it either. Horror got it's start back with Poe, Stoker, and Shelley all writing about it.
I didn't know that and I've never heard of it either. Horror got it's start back with Poe, Stoker, and Shelley all writing about it.	i love Poe. Do you agree with Stephen King that bambi is a horror movie? I think that's wild.
i love Poe. Do you agree with Stephen King that bambi is a horror movie? I think that's wild.	I've never seen Bambi as a scary movie at all. Stephen King would have to be a little weird though to write all those scary stores.
I've never seen Bambi as a scary movie at all. Stephen King would have to be a little weird though to write all those scary stores.	That's true! i prefer the movies that overlap with fantasy though.
That's true! i prefer the movies that overlap with fantasy though.	I am not really a fan of horror but if I had to pick I think I'd like the thriller genre.
I am not really a fan of horror but if I had to pick I think I'd like the thriller genre.	Yeah? I'm not such a fan. I think that horror movies with supernatural are fascinating
Yeah? I'm not such a fan. I think that horror movies with supernatural are fascinating	Do you like abstract art? They say that if you watch a horror movie you can enjoy abstract art more.
Do you like abstract art? They say that if you watch a horror movie you can enjoy abstract art more.	Im tired of the mass shootings that occur in the US, it shreds families into pieces and they cause a lot of suffering
Im tired of the mass shootings that occur in the US, it shreds families into pieces and they cause a lot of suffering	I hear you. I don't know what can be done. Either the guns laws have to be changed, or police need to be posted in more places. The political situation is untenable.
I hear you. I don't know what can be done. Either the guns laws have to be changed, or police need to be posted in more places. The political situation is untenable.	I agree with you, something must be done about it, although its hard to believe what news tell us these days as most people believe that 80 of news mostly in social media are biased or misinforming
I agree with you, something must be done about it, although its hard to believe what news tell us these days as most people believe that 80 of news mostly in social media are biased or misinforming	They believe 44 percent of the news they get directly from newspapers, television or radio is misinformation. I'm not sure what misinformation is though. Incomplete? Directly opposite the truth? I don't know how people can know for sure, but the source could have an agenda without anyone knowing.
They believe 44 percent of the news they get directly from newspapers, television or radio is misinformation. I'm not sure what misinformation is though. Incomplete? Directly opposite the truth? I don't know how people can know for sure, but the source could have an agenda without anyone knowing.	I think that information is a powerful weapon and organizations might bend it from time to time for their own benefit, its hard to know whats true or what the hidden agenda is.
I think that information is a powerful weapon and organizations might bend it from time to time for their own benefit, its hard to know whats true or what the hidden agenda is.	Even news organizations have trouble figuring out what is what. Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda.
Even news organizations have trouble figuring out what is what. Fox News threatened to sue the Simpsons to stop them from parodying its anti-democratic party agenda.	That is crazy, isnt The Simpsons like the emblem show of Fox? I mean they almost created a channel that was only about The Simpsons.
That is crazy, isnt The Simpsons like the emblem show of Fox? I mean they almost created a channel that was only about The Simpsons.	I know that the network gets a range of viewers, but the median viewer age for Fox News is 68 years old. Probably different from the Simpsons viewership. A channel with only the Simpsons might get a bit boring.
I know that the network gets a range of viewers, but the median viewer age for Fox News is 68 years old. Probably different from the Simpsons viewership. A channel with only the Simpsons might get a bit boring.	It might, I love the show but watching it all day can be a bummer, and the channel has a lot of viewers, more than CNN and MSNBC combined,
It might, I love the show but watching it all day can be a bummer, and the channel has a lot of viewers, more than CNN and MSNBC combined,	I tend to watch comedy shows to get my news. Some are pretty good. "Weekend Update" is the longest running skit on SNL, but I prefer other shows.
I tend to watch comedy shows to get my news. Some are pretty good. "Weekend Update" is the longest running skit on SNL, but I prefer other shows.	I guess SNL is a good show I do like it as well, I like that it also informs you about politics, you follow politics?
I guess SNL is a good show I do like it as well, I like that it also informs you about politics, you follow politics?	Sometimes I follow politics. Other countries might have some ideas that we can use. In Guatemala close relatives of former presidents cannot run for president. That would certainty change the way the US elections work.
Sometimes I follow politics. Other countries might have some ideas that we can use. In Guatemala close relatives of former presidents cannot run for president. That would certainty change the way the US elections work.	I guess thats a good rule, that can prevent dictadors or authoritarian regimens from taking the power, Trump has a guest house that bigger than the White House.
I guess thats a good rule, that can prevent dictadors or authoritarian regimens from taking the power, Trump has a guest house that bigger than the White House.	Trump must not be happy about that! Unless he can rent it out.
Trump must not be happy about that! Unless he can rent it out.	I bet he has the money to keep it running and not break a sweat, although I am suprised to hear his not among the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history
I bet he has the money to keep it running and not break a sweat, although I am suprised to hear his not among the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history	I think that Washington and Jefferson owned a lot of land. In contrast, the only president with a PhD was Woodrow Wilson. Not many presidents like him anymore.
I think that Washington and Jefferson owned a lot of land. In contrast, the only president with a PhD was Woodrow Wilson. Not many presidents like him anymore.	I agree not many like Wilson in US history, at least we dont have a president that is know for realeasing 3 pop albums while still in office
I agree not many like Wilson in US history, at least we dont have a president that is know for realeasing 3 pop albums while still in office	Pop albums? That sounds funny. Maybe Trump can work with Kanye on an album. The last US president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. Language skills would go a long way to improving relations with other countries.
Pop albums? That sounds funny. Maybe Trump can work with Kanye on an album. The last US president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. Language skills would go a long way to improving relations with other countries.	That would be funny for sure lol, we could maybe call Trump president Banana one day or any other funny nickname
That would be funny for sure lol, we could maybe call Trump president Banana one day or any other funny nickname	Yes, that would be good. Five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. I wonder if he is in that number.
Yes, that would be good. Five presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. I wonder if he is in that number.	Yeah Trump didnt win the popular vote.
Yeah Trump didnt win the popular vote.	Trump calls journalists the enemy of the American people, regularly. This behavior does not promote civility. I think the discourse has lost all quality.
Trump calls journalists the enemy of the American people, regularly. This behavior does not promote civility. I think the discourse has lost all quality.	I agree there must be a change in office soon hopefully Trump wont get re elected for another term.
I agree there must be a change in office soon hopefully Trump wont get re elected for another term.	Actually, I'd love to see Trump get another turn. It's been extraordinarily entertaining to watch the world burn. I enjoyed chatting! Ta!
Actually, I'd love to see Trump get another turn. It's been extraordinarily entertaining to watch the world burn. I enjoyed chatting! Ta!	It would be entertaining but the country will suffer the consequences eventually, I guess not everything is bad about Trumps period in office.
It would be entertaining but the country will suffer the consequences eventually, I guess not everything is bad about Trumps period in office.	hey there my friend do you watch Fox news at all?
hey there my friend do you watch Fox news at all?	Not a whole lot. I hear they wanted to create a channel that only played the simpsons.
Not a whole lot. I hear they wanted to create a channel that only played the simpsons.	ya that was weird to know, also I like videogames and didn't know that they own the site ign.com
ya that was weird to know, also I like videogames and didn't know that they own the site ign.com	I didn't know that either. Apparently they are watched more than CNN & MSNBC combine.
I didn't know that either. Apparently they are watched more than CNN & MSNBC combine.	yup they have lots of views, also it was created by Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon, so two richards haha
yup they have lots of views, also it was created by Richard Ailes and Richard Nixon, so two richards haha	Republican Media strategist & a President. wow!
Republican Media strategist & a President. wow!	haha yup, did you know JFK was one of the top 3 richest us presidents?
haha yup, did you know JFK was one of the top 3 richest us presidents?	Yeah i heard he shared the spots with Washington and Jefferson.
Yeah i heard he shared the spots with Washington and Jefferson.	yup thats true, I wonder where President Banana of Zimbabwe sits on that list haha
yup thats true, I wonder where President Banana of Zimbabwe sits on that list haha	I more in pressed with the President who has 3 pop albums.
I more in pressed with the President who has 3 pop albums.	yup I agree, can you believe that the runner up for president used to become the VP? can you imagine VP clinton right now?
yup I agree, can you believe that the runner up for president used to become the VP? can you imagine VP clinton right now?	Hillary and Trump, Trump and Hillary Yeah that would be a complete catastrophe. I would love to see the reality show though/
Hillary and Trump, Trump and Hillary Yeah that would be a complete catastrophe. I would love to see the reality show though/	oh I would too! have you ever visited the white house btw?
oh I would too! have you ever visited the white house btw?	Yeah right, have you?
Yeah right, have you?	I did when I was a kid not recently though, I wanted to check if the guest house really is bigger than the white house itself
I did when I was a kid not recently though, I wanted to check if the guest house really is bigger than the white house itself	Oh ok. Did you know that there is an episode of the Simpson that Bart is not in.
Oh ok. Did you know that there is an episode of the Simpson that Bart is not in.	I did, he doesn't appare in it and isnt mentioned either, I wonder wa that on purpose?
I did, he doesn't appare in it and isnt mentioned either, I wonder wa that on purpose?	Don't know but when south park aired its finale of family guy the Simpson crew sent floors.
Don't know but when south park aired its finale of family guy the Simpson crew sent floors.	haah ya thats funny, did you see that episode? South Park really roasted Family guy
haah ya thats funny, did you see that episode? South Park really roasted Family guy	No i didn't see that one. Apparently Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin have all narrated Thomas the tank engine for 52 episodes at least.
No i didn't see that one. Apparently Ringo Starr, Alec Baldwin and George Carlin have all narrated Thomas the tank engine for 52 episodes at least.	haha that is cool! Do you like George Carlin! I love his dirty comedy I wonder if he did any in the show lol
haha that is cool! Do you like George Carlin! I love his dirty comedy I wonder if he did any in the show lol	Do you like the Simpsons?
Do you like the Simpsons?	I do like the Simpsons.
I do like the Simpsons.	Did you know that Fox News corporation considered making a channel that only played The Simpsons?
Did you know that Fox News corporation considered making a channel that only played The Simpsons?	No. I didn't know this. Thanks for sharing. Do you happen to know who owns Fox News?
No. I didn't know this. Thanks for sharing. Do you happen to know who owns Fox News?	I know 21 Century Fox and the Fox entertainment group do. It was created by Richard Nixon and by a republican media strategist.
I know 21 Century Fox and the Fox entertainment group do. It was created by Richard Nixon and by a republican media strategist.	That is very interesting. Do you happen to know the name of the republican media strategist by any chance?
That is very interesting. Do you happen to know the name of the republican media strategist by any chance?	I'm not sure maybe Rupert Murdoch or somebody with the last name of Fox? It's very popular though, it can be seen in 86 countries
I'm not sure maybe Rupert Murdoch or somebody with the last name of Fox? It's very popular though, it can be seen in 86 countries	That's okay. Fox News is very popular indeed. I heard somewhere that it is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined. That is impressive!!!
That's okay. Fox News is very popular indeed. I heard somewhere that it is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined. That is impressive!!!	It's interesting that it appeals to so many people. Did you know that Fox threatened to sue The Simpsons if they didn't stop parodying Fox news? Seems like a weird situation since The Simpsons is on the Fox network
It's interesting that it appeals to so many people. Did you know that Fox threatened to sue The Simpsons if they didn't stop parodying Fox news? Seems like a weird situation since The Simpsons is on the Fox network	Yeah!!! That is weird because I thought that Fox usually promotes the republican point of view.
Yeah!!! That is weird because I thought that Fox usually promotes the republican point of view.	I'm guessing that's what The Simpsons were making fun of. I wonder why they didn't go through with the lawsuit
I'm guessing that's what The Simpsons were making fun of. I wonder why they didn't go through with the lawsuit	Yeah!!! Me too. That is very strange.
Yeah!!! Me too. That is very strange.	It's weird to think that Nixon had a hand in building Fox news though. I guess it makes sense if you think about it, but it just seems so long ago that he was president that I assume anything he was involved with wouldn't exist anymore
It's weird to think that Nixon had a hand in building Fox news though. I guess it makes sense if you think about it, but it just seems so long ago that he was president that I assume anything he was involved with wouldn't exist anymore	I believe that Nixon at that time wanted fair media coverage but he wasn't getting it at the time he was president.
I believe that Nixon at that time wanted fair media coverage but he wasn't getting it at the time he was president.	That makes a lot of sense actually. Meanwhile in Zimbabwe they called their first president "president banana"
That makes a lot of sense actually. Meanwhile in Zimbabwe they called their first president "president banana"	Ha Ha!! I wonder why they called them this. Do you happen to know by any chance?
Ha Ha!! I wonder why they called them this. Do you happen to know by any chance?	No idea! I wonder if it was a pet name or a mean one! Do you think it was because he liked eating bananas?
No idea! I wonder if it was a pet name or a mean one! Do you think it was because he liked eating bananas?	That actually could be true. I read somewhere recently that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office.
That actually could be true. I read somewhere recently that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office.	He must not have had much work to do if he had the time to record even one pop album, right?
He must not have had much work to do if he had the time to record even one pop album, right?	I agree!!! Do you happen to know who the top three wealthiest presidents were in American history?
I agree!!! Do you happen to know who the top three wealthiest presidents were in American history?	I do! I think they were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I wonder how Trump fits in there now
I do! I think they were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I wonder how Trump fits in there now	Yeah!! Me too. I wonder that as well.
Yeah!! Me too. I wonder that as well.	Did you know that in the 1800's if you were runner up in a presidential election you got to be vice president! That must have caused all kinds of problems
Did you know that in the 1800's if you were runner up in a presidential election you got to be vice president! That must have caused all kinds of problems	Yes I agree. It would have created all kinds of problems.
Yes I agree. It would have created all kinds of problems.	There probably weren't any political parties back then, so it might not have been as big of a deal as if it happened today
There probably weren't any political parties back then, so it might not have been as big of a deal as if it happened today	Correct. That I agree back then things were very different than what they are today.
Correct. That I agree back then things were very different than what they are today.	I still can't imagine an automatic vice president would want to just follow instead of lead immediately though
I still can't imagine an automatic vice president would want to just follow instead of lead immediately though	Yeah!!! I agree with you on this. It was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a great day. Thanks
Yeah!!! I agree with you on this. It was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a great day. Thanks	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	It was nice chatting with you as well!
It was nice chatting with you as well!	Bye!
Bye!	hi how are you? what do you think of fox news?
hi how are you? what do you think of fox news?	I think its a great channel, I get my news from that source, what are your thoughts?
I think its a great channel, I get my news from that source, what are your thoughts?	it certainly is popular. i do not watch the tv for news very often. i find it is too editorial.
it certainly is popular. i do not watch the tv for news very often. i find it is too editorial.	I see, do you like the Simpsons? they wanted to create a channel with only The Simpsons in it once
I see, do you like the Simpsons? they wanted to create a channel with only The Simpsons in it once	that would be a bit too much. i would make a web site on the internet. that might be a better way to handle that content.
that would be a bit too much. i would make a web site on the internet. that might be a better way to handle that content.	I agree, The Simpsons are fun but watching the show all day seems excesive to me
I agree, The Simpsons are fun but watching the show all day seems excesive to me	yes, people could tune in when they wanted to though. i would just put up a website. Strange that Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda.
yes, people could tune in when they wanted to though. i would just put up a website. Strange that Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons to stop them from parodying its famously anti-democratic party agenda.	That would be a fun site, I would visit it lol so do you watch a lot of TV?
That would be a fun site, I would visit it lol so do you watch a lot of TV?	no, i dont really want tv much now. i find its shallow and slow. it demands too much of my schedule.
no, i dont really want tv much now. i find its shallow and slow. it demands too much of my schedule.	I dont have the time either, so I can relate, I used to like shows like The Simpsons, South Park and Family Guy
I dont have the time either, so I can relate, I used to like shows like The Simpsons, South Park and Family Guy	I still like south park. very relevant. I think that the show tries to stay current. the simpsons probably got stale a few years ago for me.
I still like south park. very relevant. I think that the show tries to stay current. the simpsons probably got stale a few years ago for me.	Funny how the crew from those shows get along with each other, they seem to have a great friendship
Funny how the crew from those shows get along with each other, they seem to have a great friendship	i think they all know how hard it is to make a funny show. i expect that people think comedy is easy.
i think they all know how hard it is to make a funny show. i expect that people think comedy is easy.	I think its hard to make people laugh but some sure have the talent specially if they can do it without insulting others
I think its hard to make people laugh but some sure have the talent specially if they can do it without insulting others	that is rare. usually humor comes at the expense of others. i think that the line between news and entertainment has blurred.
that is rare. usually humor comes at the expense of others. i think that the line between news and entertainment has blurred.	It has news arent as trustworthy as they were in the past so yeah
It has news arent as trustworthy as they were in the past so yeah	i would say that they are all competing for the attention of viewers by using whatever means necessary. i trust south park for the news. they dont have an agenda.
i would say that they are all competing for the attention of viewers by using whatever means necessary. i trust south park for the news. they dont have an agenda.	I like how Kenny dies that never gets old lol great times, funny show
I like how Kenny dies that never gets old lol great times, funny show	yes, they make fun of the tv tropes constantly. a lot of fun. Anyway, great chat!
yes, they make fun of the tv tropes constantly. a lot of fun. Anyway, great chat!	They also make fun of each other, of other shows so yeah a lot of fun, nice chat
They also make fun of each other, of other shows so yeah a lot of fun, nice chat	Have a good day!
Have a good day!	You too, hopeully I can catch an episode of The Simpsons now bye
You too, hopeully I can catch an episode of The Simpsons now bye	Hello, I figured JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents in american history
Hello, I figured JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents in american history	I am not at all surprised to hear that. I feel like they are the closest thing the U.S. has had to royalty.
I am not at all surprised to hear that. I feel like they are the closest thing the U.S. has had to royalty.	yeah I agree. I liked how the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana
yeah I agree. I liked how the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana	Ha ha. I wonder how that happened. What a silly nickname for a president.
Ha ha. I wonder how that happened. What a silly nickname for a president.	I would agree. I wonder how much the president guest house is used since it is larger then the white house
I would agree. I wonder how much the president guest house is used since it is larger then the white house	I was surprised to learn that there was a guest home. It makes sense but I went my whole life unaware of it somehow. Another shocking preidential fact, Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and john wilkes booth was in that photo.
I was surprised to learn that there was a guest home. It makes sense but I went my whole life unaware of it somehow. Another shocking preidential fact, Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and john wilkes booth was in that photo.	wow I did not know that. I wonder how good the 3 pop albums are of the president of Indonesia
wow I did not know that. I wonder how good the 3 pop albums are of the president of Indonesia	It's very strange to me that a sitting president of any nation would do that. Were you aware that only 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote? Very interesting since I've been alive for 2 of them.
It's very strange to me that a sitting president of any nation would do that. Were you aware that only 5 presidents have been elected while losing the popular vote? Very interesting since I've been alive for 2 of them.	Yes it is interesting. I would watch the channel that fox was thinking of setting up just for the simpsons
Yes it is interesting. I would watch the channel that fox was thinking of setting up just for the simpsons	Was it related to their news division?
Was it related to their news division?	yes fox new corporation. Fox news is watched more then other like cnn
yes fox new corporation. Fox news is watched more then other like cnn	I find that concerning, especially since they were legally required to admit they are an entertainment channel rather than a new channel for the majority of the day to avoid lawsuits for false news reports.
I find that concerning, especially since they were legally required to admit they are an entertainment channel rather than a new channel for the majority of the day to avoid lawsuits for false news reports.	i did not know that. It was originally created by president Nixon and Richard ailes
i did not know that. It was originally created by president Nixon and Richard ailes	WOW! Also concerning. The median viewer age of Fox news is 68 so it 15 years os so I wonder what is going to happen?
WOW! Also concerning. The median viewer age of Fox news is 68 so it 15 years os so I wonder what is going to happen?	I agree. I also did not know Ringo starr has narrated at least 52 Thomas the tank engine episodes.
I agree. I also did not know Ringo starr has narrated at least 52 Thomas the tank engine episodes.	That's interesting. I did not know he did voice work. Speaking of television, in the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons Homer held 188 jobs.
That's interesting. I did not know he did voice work. Speaking of television, in the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons Homer held 188 jobs.	wow, bart is only missing form one Simpson episode
wow, bart is only missing form one Simpson episode	That's absolutely shocking to me with as long as that show has been on the air.
That's absolutely shocking to me with as long as that show has been on the air.	yeah. over 750 episodes of pokemon
yeah. over 750 episodes of pokemon	WOW! I had no idea it had been on that long. Apparently Weekend Update was on the first episode of SNL and is their longest running skit.
WOW! I had no idea it had been on that long. Apparently Weekend Update was on the first episode of SNL and is their longest running skit.	the 70s show did not do well in the UK, it was cancelled after 10 episodes
the 70s show did not do well in the UK, it was cancelled after 10 episodes	It's rare for things to translate in an altered version overseas.
It's rare for things to translate in an altered version overseas.	Fox News is a great channel do you watch it?
Fox News is a great channel do you watch it?	I do watch it every now and then! How about you! Know anything interesting about it?
I do watch it every now and then! How about you! Know anything interesting about it?	I do, the channel is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.
I do, the channel is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined.	Wow. That's a lot! Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying it's famously anti-democratic party agenda!
Wow. That's a lot! Fox news threatened to sue the Simpsons in order to stop them from parodying it's famously anti-democratic party agenda!	That is odd considering The Simpsons are like the emblem of the channel I sure love them, seems like they have a complicated relationship
That is odd considering The Simpsons are like the emblem of the channel I sure love them, seems like they have a complicated relationship	I agree! In 2007 Fox news tried to have a conservative version of the "Daily Show" called the "1/2 Hour News Hour". It was cancelled after only 13 episodes. Never knew that.
I agree! In 2007 Fox news tried to have a conservative version of the "Daily Show" called the "1/2 Hour News Hour". It was cancelled after only 13 episodes. Never knew that.	I never knew that either, the network was created by Nixon, I wonder if the network is biased towards Republicans.
I never knew that either, the network was created by Nixon, I wonder if the network is biased towards Republicans.	I think they have been accused of that. lol The percentage of airtime on Fox news dedicated to opinion is 55%...for MSNBC it's 85%!
I think they have been accused of that. lol The percentage of airtime on Fox news dedicated to opinion is 55%...for MSNBC it's 85%!	Yeah would make sense, the gaming website IGN is also owned by Fox News
Yeah would make sense, the gaming website IGN is also owned by Fox News	I didn't know that! In 2015 the median viewer age for Fox news was 68 years old.
I didn't know that! In 2015 the median viewer age for Fox news was 68 years old.	Thats an old range of viewers, so what are your thoughts on our president?
Thats an old range of viewers, so what are your thoughts on our president?	The current one has let me down on the local job economy. The only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wison! That's amazing that only one dr. has ever held that position.
The current one has let me down on the local job economy. The only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wison! That's amazing that only one dr. has ever held that position.	The only one! wow! and I guess Dr arent prepared to face the economy of a country I would prefer a businessman as leader.
The only one! wow! and I guess Dr arent prepared to face the economy of a country I would prefer a businessman as leader.	I would to...but when Trump came through my area he promised to revive the local job economy which has been in a downslide since 1990. Instead of getting better, places are closing at a faster rate including Chevy who shut down an auto plant in Lordstown, Ohio.
I would to...but when Trump came through my area he promised to revive the local job economy which has been in a downslide since 1990. Instead of getting better, places are closing at a faster rate including Chevy who shut down an auto plant in Lordstown, Ohio.	That sounds terrible I guess he didnt make America great again, I just want elections to come I cant stand him as president anymore
That sounds terrible I guess he didnt make America great again, I just want elections to come I cant stand him as president anymore	I would say he's lost all the votes he had here before. lol Speaking of which...only 5 presidents have been elected whil still losing the popular vote.
I would say he's lost all the votes he had here before. lol Speaking of which...only 5 presidents have been elected whil still losing the popular vote.	And Trump was one of those, I bet the president of Indonesia is a really popular guy.
And Trump was one of those, I bet the president of Indonesia is a really popular guy.	I'm not familiar with that president? What did he do?
I'm not familiar with that president? What did he do?	He released 3 pop albums while in office, he must have a lot of fans.
He released 3 pop albums while in office, he must have a lot of fans.	I guess so! lol The last U.S. president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.
I guess so! lol The last U.S. president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR.	The last one really? that is a surprising fact, anyways its been great chatting with you today.
The last one really? that is a surprising fact, anyways its been great chatting with you today.	I know. You would have thought that there would have been a lot more of them. Have a great day!
I know. You would have thought that there would have been a lot more of them. Have a great day!	hi how are you? do you use amazon?
hi how are you? do you use amazon?	I love shopping at amazon, its a great site what about you?
I love shopping at amazon, its a great site what about you?	I dont go there often, but it has been for finding used books. i have shopped there in a pinch too.
I dont go there often, but it has been for finding used books. i have shopped there in a pinch too.	Have you ever tried their Amazon Basics line?
Have you ever tried their Amazon Basics line?	No, i havent. what is it?
No, i havent. what is it?	Its a low end products line that Amazon launched, ive tried some of their products and they are actually good
Its a low end products line that Amazon launched, ive tried some of their products and they are actually good	ok, i guess they want to move into the market of dollar store and wal mart?
ok, i guess they want to move into the market of dollar store and wal mart?	I guess that is a right move, did you know Imdb is owned by Amazon!
I guess that is a right move, did you know Imdb is owned by Amazon!	I know that amazon is buying more and more. IMDB dates back to before the web. it is quite old.
I know that amazon is buying more and more. IMDB dates back to before the web. it is quite old.	It is old, it dates back to the year 1998 in fact, what are your thoughts on Bezos?
It is old, it dates back to the year 1998 in fact, what are your thoughts on Bezos?	I think that he created a great company but he does not treat his employees well.
I think that he created a great company but he does not treat his employees well.	He doesnt? I havent heard about that, the warehouse employers do walk a lot
He doesnt? I havent heard about that, the warehouse employers do walk a lot	They do move a lot. i think it is a tough job for middle aged people. but then again, they do get in shape.
They do move a lot. i think it is a tough job for middle aged people. but then again, they do get in shape.	Yeah I think its a good way to get fit and remain healthy, did you hear about the clock Bezos had built into a mountain?
Yeah I think its a good way to get fit and remain healthy, did you hear about the clock Bezos had built into a mountain?	Why did he do that? into a mountain? does he live on that mountain?
Why did he do that? into a mountain? does he live on that mountain?	I have no idea maybe because he has the money and was bored, the clock is supposed to ran for over 10,000 years so that is impressive.
I have no idea maybe because he has the money and was bored, the clock is supposed to ran for over 10,000 years so that is impressive.	I guess that is cool. do we need a 10000 year clock though? Maybe Bezos has a secret to immortality? LOL
I guess that is cool. do we need a 10000 year clock though? Maybe Bezos has a secret to immortality? LOL	Maybe he does lol, I guess we have Bezos for a long time then, I love Amazon so thats fine by me.
Maybe he does lol, I guess we have Bezos for a long time then, I love Amazon so thats fine by me.	THe company has changed the customer experience. The world will never be the same. Anyway, great chat!
THe company has changed the customer experience. The world will never be the same. Anyway, great chat!	It sure had, Im glad theres a place with great places to turn to, Amazon is a great company that will keep on growing. Its been great chatting, have a nice day.
It sure had, Im glad theres a place with great places to turn to, Amazon is a great company that will keep on growing. Its been great chatting, have a nice day.	Yes, it has been a good chat. Have a good day!
Yes, it has been a good chat. Have a good day!	You have a great day as well, bye.
You have a great day as well, bye.	Hi! Are you a football fan? I love the NFL, even if there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay each game. Ha!
Hi! Are you a football fan? I love the NFL, even if there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay each game. Ha!	Yeah, I am! Yu'd think there would be live gameplay considering how popular it is.
Yeah, I am! Yu'd think there would be live gameplay considering how popular it is.	No kidding! I mean, the 17 week regular season from early September to December is too short as it is already, in my opinion! It all should be longer!
No kidding! I mean, the 17 week regular season from early September to December is too short as it is already, in my opinion! It all should be longer!	Personally I don't see why we have seasons. Just make it be all year, and somehow work it our, is my opinion. We need our leisure activities or we may all go insane!
Personally I don't see why we have seasons. Just make it be all year, and somehow work it our, is my opinion. We need our leisure activities or we may all go insane!	Isn't that the truth. Since we're on the subject of the NFL, it surprises me that a female player has never been drafted. Females are allowed to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. Wonder why we haven't at least had a female kicker signed by now?
Isn't that the truth. Since we're on the subject of the NFL, it surprises me that a female player has never been drafted. Females are allowed to play as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. Wonder why we haven't at least had a female kicker signed by now?	It could be that females just aren't really aware of that opportunity. They may just assume they can't. Especially with things happening like New Orleans Saints cheerleaders not being able to eat anywhere that any NFL player shows up at. Seems terribly sexist!
It could be that females just aren't really aware of that opportunity. They may just assume they can't. Especially with things happening like New Orleans Saints cheerleaders not being able to eat anywhere that any NFL player shows up at. Seems terribly sexist!	Agreed. I can't believe no lawsuits have been filed over that misogynistic rule yet. Unless it's just some silly superstition or something. But if they want a better paying job, females should just enter the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway!
Agreed. I can't believe no lawsuits have been filed over that misogynistic rule yet. Unless it's just some silly superstition or something. But if they want a better paying job, females should just enter the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway!	Ah, yeah! It could be that whole sports/superstition thing! I never thought of it that way!
Ah, yeah! It could be that whole sports/superstition thing! I never thought of it that way!	True! It could very well be! I mentioned engineers previously and on a related note, did you know the NFL has tracking chips they stick in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move? I think that's pretty innovative!
True! It could very well be! I mentioned engineers previously and on a related note, did you know the NFL has tracking chips they stick in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move? I think that's pretty innovative!	It is innovative! Also they have chips in the footballs to track, velocity, speed, location and rotation. Must make their jobs much easier!
It is innovative! Also they have chips in the footballs to track, velocity, speed, location and rotation. Must make their jobs much easier!	Agreed it must! So do you like the quarterback position? It's my favorite position because he touches the ball on nearly every single offensive play and he's the leader of the offense. I've always been fascinated by quarterbacks!
Agreed it must! So do you like the quarterback position? It's my favorite position because he touches the ball on nearly every single offensive play and he's the leader of the offense. I've always been fascinated by quarterbacks!	Yes I do, one of my all time favorite QBs is Kellan Moore, the only left handed QB in the NFL.
Yes I do, one of my all time favorite QBs is Kellan Moore, the only left handed QB in the NFL.	He's a great QB, that's for sure! Can you believe that Tom Brady's JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown? I bet they still kick themselves to this day over that mistake!
He's a great QB, that's for sure! Can you believe that Tom Brady's JV high team refused to start him when he was a backup despite never winning a game or scoring a touchdown? I bet they still kick themselves to this day over that mistake!	Really? Surely they regret that decision! Do you use Amazon.com? I'm waiting for a package that should be delivered today.
Really? Surely they regret that decision! Do you use Amazon.com? I'm waiting for a package that should be delivered today.	I do use Amazon a lot! I also use IMDB as well which Amazon has owned since the late 90s!
I do use Amazon a lot! I also use IMDB as well which Amazon has owned since the late 90s!	It's amazing to me that amazon has been around since 1994. Makes me feel so old!
It's amazing to me that amazon has been around since 1994. Makes me feel so old!	I think it's even more amazing that the first customer had a building named after him even though he only spent $27.95. Ha!
I think it's even more amazing that the first customer had a building named after him even though he only spent $27.95. Ha!	Oh yeah! And even more amazing, is a clock that Jeff Bezos (Amazon founder) had built into a mountain that may run for 10,00 years!
Oh yeah! And even more amazing, is a clock that Jeff Bezos (Amazon founder) had built into a mountain that may run for 10,00 years!	That is awesome. I bet that cost a ton of money! Did you also know Amazon has a contract with the USPS to deliver on Sundays? Now that's very convenient! Ha!
That is awesome. I bet that cost a ton of money! Did you also know Amazon has a contract with the USPS to deliver on Sundays? Now that's very convenient! Ha!	I did, so I expect my packages asap! Haha. Amazon is a great company, super futuristic inmy opinion! They have everything and deliver right to my door! I just love them! I meant to say the clock may run for *10,000 years. Haha. I need to get some coffee, i think! It was nice talking to you!
I did, so I expect my packages asap! Haha. Amazon is a great company, super futuristic inmy opinion! They have everything and deliver right to my door! I just love them! I meant to say the clock may run for *10,000 years. Haha. I need to get some coffee, i think! It was nice talking to you!	Hey, maybe we should get a job there as their workers walk between 7 and 15 miles daily during their shifts. We'd get much needed exercise. Ha! It was nice talking with you as well! Have a great day, friend!
Hey, maybe we should get a job there as their workers walk between 7 and 15 miles daily during their shifts. We'd get much needed exercise. Ha! It was nice talking with you as well! Have a great day, friend!	You as well! Have a wonderful day! :)
You as well! Have a wonderful day! :)	Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hello, do you watch the NFL?	I do a lot actually. Did you know women can play too?
I do a lot actually. Did you know women can play too?	Yeah pretty sweet, if they make the cut they play and there is no stopping them
Yeah pretty sweet, if they make the cut they play and there is no stopping them	Yup. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of game play in a game?
Yup. Did you know there are only 11 minutes of game play in a game?	And yet er are glued to the tv for hours to an end, go figure
And yet er are glued to the tv for hours to an end, go figure	Yup exactly. They are using tracking chips on the players now in the field
Yup exactly. They are using tracking chips on the players now in the field	Yes and they can track stuff like rotation and velocity and others. WOnder why though
Yes and they can track stuff like rotation and velocity and others. WOnder why though	I hope they can somehow use them to reduce the concussions that the players suffer from
I hope they can somehow use them to reduce the concussions that the players suffer from	Yeah that is a good point. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yeah that is a good point. Did you hear about that rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that is so wrong at every level, Why can't they eat in the same place?
Yeah that is so wrong at every level, Why can't they eat in the same place?	I have no idea and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal too if they walk in
I have no idea and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal too if they walk in	So sexist and rude, it really has no place in the NFL and should go by now
So sexist and rude, it really has no place in the NFL and should go by now	I agree. DO you shop online at all?
I agree. DO you shop online at all?	I do from time to time. I like to do most of my online shopping on Amazon
I do from time to time. I like to do most of my online shopping on Amazon	Yes me too. Did you know Jeff built a clock in a mountain somewhere
Yes me too. Did you know Jeff built a clock in a mountain somewhere	Yeah and it is supposed to run for 10 000 years but not sure of its purpose though
Yeah and it is supposed to run for 10 000 years but not sure of its purpose though	Yeah me neither. Either way they are nice that they deliver on Sundays too
Yeah me neither. Either way they are nice that they deliver on Sundays too	Yeah that is true and their workers walk up to 15 miles a day
Yeah that is true and their workers walk up to 15 miles a day	Yeah it explains how busy they are and how they got to the top of the game now
Yeah it explains how busy they are and how they got to the top of the game now	Exactly. Did you know they own IMDB?
Exactly. Did you know they own IMDB?	Yeah since 1998, they are just everywhere
Yeah since 1998, they are just everywhere	HI how are you?
HI how are you?	I'm doing well. Are you a fan of Brett Farve?
I'm doing well. Are you a fan of Brett Farve?	Not really, I am a Steelers fan. What about you?
Not really, I am a Steelers fan. What about you?	I liked him when he played, but I have to admit I'm more of a Romo fan.
I liked him when he played, but I have to admit I'm more of a Romo fan.	That is fair. Did you know there arent any rules against female players in the nfl?
That is fair. Did you know there arent any rules against female players in the nfl?	No, but it wouldn't surprise me. In high school there were female players.
No, but it wouldn't surprise me. In high school there were female players.	Wow, there were none in my high school. That would be very cool if a woman made the nfl.
Wow, there were none in my high school. That would be very cool if a woman made the nfl.	Well apparently the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulders.
Well apparently the NFL uses tracking chips in players shoulders.	Very cool, it is to record their every move on the field.
Very cool, it is to record their every move on the field.	Yeah, I think. They also have chips inside the footballs themselves.
Yeah, I think. They also have chips inside the footballs themselves.	If that's the case, then deflate-gate would have been much less controversial! Lol
If that's the case, then deflate-gate would have been much less controversial! Lol	Hilarious. Well, I suppose they use it to analyze the game data.
Hilarious. Well, I suppose they use it to analyze the game data.	There is only an average of 11 minutes of live game play per game. Very interesting.
There is only an average of 11 minutes of live game play per game. Very interesting.	I can believe it. When I watch the games it seems like a lot of people just standing around to be honest.
I can believe it. When I watch the games it seems like a lot of people just standing around to be honest.	Agreed, I am more of a soccer fan.
Agreed, I am more of a soccer fan.	Interesting. Did you know that Amazon Warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day?
Interesting. Did you know that Amazon Warehouse workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day?	And imdb is owned by Amazon. Of course they are!
And imdb is owned by Amazon. Of course they are!	I didn't know that, that is amazing. The first amazon customer spent $27.95
I didn't know that, that is amazing. The first amazon customer spent $27.95	And got a building named after him!
And got a building named after him!	I heard that as well. Well, from what I can to the USPS has a contract with them to deliver packages on Sundays.
I heard that as well. Well, from what I can to the USPS has a contract with them to deliver packages on Sundays.	Very interesting articles.
Very interesting articles.	Yeah, Bezos sure built one heck of a company.
Yeah, Bezos sure built one heck of a company.	Hi there do you watch any football? I wish I could have seen the highest scoring football game ever
Hi there do you watch any football? I wish I could have seen the highest scoring football game ever	hello, me too. is that the 222-0 one?
hello, me too. is that the 222-0 one?	Yep that's the one. Pretty crazy that it happened back in 1916
Yep that's the one. Pretty crazy that it happened back in 1916	yeah, georgia tech must still be proud of that win
yeah, georgia tech must still be proud of that win	Oh I would definitely be. And I feel horrible for the Cumberland team. The fans must have been super sad that day
Oh I would definitely be. And I feel horrible for the Cumberland team. The fans must have been super sad that day	yeah for sure. the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink
yeah for sure. the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink	Would that make you play better or worse? Personally I think it would make me play a lot better haha
Would that make you play better or worse? Personally I think it would make me play a lot better haha	haha I think it has some sort of effect on the players, but not for the good
haha I think it has some sort of effect on the players, but not for the good	Haha that could be true. Did you know that top Bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars in the United States back in the sixties? That seems so weird
Haha that could be true. Did you know that top Bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars in the United States back in the sixties? That seems so weird	I know, compare it to now where the football players are making so much
I know, compare it to now where the football players are making so much	Yep it's completely different now. Also a different time was when ESPN won the Emmy for the yellow line that they use for football games on TV
Yep it's completely different now. Also a different time was when ESPN won the Emmy for the yellow line that they use for football games on TV	Yeah that is quite an award to get. do you watch drama as well on tv?
Yeah that is quite an award to get. do you watch drama as well on tv?	I do watch drama on TV sometimes. I guess that drama started back in 335 BC in Greece. it has definitely come a long way since then haha.
I do watch drama on TV sometimes. I guess that drama started back in 335 BC in Greece. it has definitely come a long way since then haha.	It sure has. I have been watching House lately, even though the show has ended
It sure has. I have been watching House lately, even though the show has ended	What do you think about that show? I never really got into it but I did know that Hugh Laurie makes a ton of money for every episode
What do you think about that show? I never really got into it but I did know that Hugh Laurie makes a ton of money for every episode	Yeah he got $700,000 per episode, that is mind boggling to me
Yeah he got $700,000 per episode, that is mind boggling to me	That is an insane amount. I would never stop making episodes haha what are your thoughts on Jim Carrey?
That is an insane amount. I would never stop making episodes haha what are your thoughts on Jim Carrey?	hahha that is true. I like Jim Carrey. Do you know why he stopped making dramas?
hahha that is true. I like Jim Carrey. Do you know why he stopped making dramas?	Yes he only wanted to promote positivity. So he stopped doing dramas actually. I actually think some of his best movies were dramas. For instance I really like The Truman Show
Yes he only wanted to promote positivity. So he stopped doing dramas actually. I actually think some of his best movies were dramas. For instance I really like The Truman Show	Oh I see why. Do you watch the show on netflix or elsewhere?
Oh I see why. Do you watch the show on netflix or elsewhere?	I'm not sure if it's on Netflix actually. It's a movie and it is really good. I think it's from the 90s
I'm not sure if it's on Netflix actually. It's a movie and it is really good. I think it's from the 90s	Hello! Do you watch Netflix or Youtube. I watch both. It is no wonder that together they make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.
Hello! Do you watch Netflix or Youtube. I watch both. It is no wonder that together they make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.	Hi there, yes I love Netflix. DO you know how it came about, the company?
Hi there, yes I love Netflix. DO you know how it came about, the company?	Not really sure.
Not really sure.	The owner was slapped with a late fee for a VHS and was not happy about it
The owner was slapped with a late fee for a VHS and was not happy about it	You know that does sound familiar. I think I did watch something about that. Didn't Reed Hastings have like a $40 late fee for renting the movie Apollo 13. You know I have watched that movie on Netflix.
You know that does sound familiar. I think I did watch something about that. Didn't Reed Hastings have like a $40 late fee for renting the movie Apollo 13. You know I have watched that movie on Netflix.	Yeah that is exactly it. Did you ever rent from Blockbuster?
Yeah that is exactly it. Did you ever rent from Blockbuster?	Yes a lot, and I also had crazy late fees. I still have my blockbuster card. Did you know that Blockbuster declined to buy Netflix several times?
Yes a lot, and I also had crazy late fees. I still have my blockbuster card. Did you know that Blockbuster declined to buy Netflix several times?	That was not a good decision. They could have bought it for $50 million and make billions now
That was not a good decision. They could have bought it for $50 million and make billions now	Bad decision on their part, but I am thankful they didn't buy it. We might get late fees somehow from them for using netflix. They could have bought it for $50 million and they'd be worth $2 billion now.
Bad decision on their part, but I am thankful they didn't buy it. We might get late fees somehow from them for using netflix. They could have bought it for $50 million and they'd be worth $2 billion now.	Yeah exactly. It seems netflix spend much more on postage though than on bandwidth
Yeah exactly. It seems netflix spend much more on postage though than on bandwidth	I believe that from 9 pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.
I believe that from 9 pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America.	That is crazy. DO you watch dramas on Netflix?
That is crazy. DO you watch dramas on Netflix?	Yes! I watch pretty much a little of all the categories. My to watch list is so long.
Yes! I watch pretty much a little of all the categories. My to watch list is so long.	Oh I see. Did you ever see House MD?
Oh I see. Did you ever see House MD?	I watched a few episodes. I read in Forbes magazine that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama. He earns 700,000 dollars per episode.
I watched a few episodes. I read in Forbes magazine that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama. He earns 700,000 dollars per episode.	Yeah he made a lot of money for sure in that show. DO you like JIm Carrey?
Yeah he made a lot of money for sure in that show. DO you like JIm Carrey?	Love Jim Carrey. Watched all his movies as a kid. My favorite is the Mask.
Love Jim Carrey. Watched all his movies as a kid. My favorite is the Mask.	Nice, I like him too. Do you know why he only does comedies now?
Nice, I like him too. Do you know why he only does comedies now?	Yes I heard that he didn't want to do dramas because he doesn't want to make movies that don't project positivity. He is good in dramas too.
Yes I heard that he didn't want to do dramas because he doesn't want to make movies that don't project positivity. He is good in dramas too.	Yeah he is good overall for sure. DO you know Michael Caine?
Yeah he is good overall for sure. DO you know Michael Caine?	Not sure who that is.
Not sure who that is.	He is a famous actor that became one because all the pretty girls were in drama class
He is a famous actor that became one because all the pretty girls were in drama class	Hi turker, are you a football fan, if you are what is your favorite team?
Hi turker, are you a football fan, if you are what is your favorite team?	I am not a huge fan of football, but I like the 49ers. how about u?
I am not a huge fan of football, but I like the 49ers. how about u?	Have you ever heard of Canadian football where the field is very small and short?
Have you ever heard of Canadian football where the field is very small and short?	No. I have never heard of it,. I didnt even know canada played football lol
No. I have never heard of it,. I didnt even know canada played football lol	Yes same of the players that try out for the NFL and get cut, they player for canadian teams, some even return to the nfl.
Yes same of the players that try out for the NFL and get cut, they player for canadian teams, some even return to the nfl.	cool. do you watch netflix? did you know netflix spends 20 more on postage than bandwidth?
cool. do you watch netflix? did you know netflix spends 20 more on postage than bandwidth?	Yes, I like netflix, I am a member of netflix. I watched many movies from netflix. No, I didn't know that.
Yes, I like netflix, I am a member of netflix. I watched many movies from netflix. No, I didn't know that.	what movies or shows are u watching?
what movies or shows are u watching?	I watched comedy, drama and other movies, I sign in and search for movies I haven't seen before.
I watched comedy, drama and other movies, I sign in and search for movies I haven't seen before.	yeah I know how netflix works lol I was wondering if you had any suggestions on good shows to watch actually, but thats fine. Did you know Blockbuster had declined several offers to buy Netflix? That is crazy how much money they couldve been making.
yeah I know how netflix works lol I was wondering if you had any suggestions on good shows to watch actually, but thats fine. Did you know Blockbuster had declined several offers to buy Netflix? That is crazy how much money they couldve been making.	Yes they missed out, because I think blockbuster has going out of business, am I right or wrong, do you know?
Yes they missed out, because I think blockbuster has going out of business, am I right or wrong, do you know?	They have been out of business for a long time now. They tried to do something like Netflix though, it failed horribly.
They have been out of business for a long time now. They tried to do something like Netflix though, it failed horribly.	I was surprise to know that Netflix has 137 million subscribers in 2018.
I was surprise to know that Netflix has 137 million subscribers in 2018.	That sounds about right, everyone has netflix.
That sounds about right, everyone has netflix.	That including 58.46 million in the United States. all members of my family have netflix.
That including 58.46 million in the United States. all members of my family have netflix.	I really like the netflix orginials , they are making really good movies and shows
I really like the netflix orginials , they are making really good movies and shows	Yes you are right, did you know that netflix was found in 1997 by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph in California?
Yes you are right, did you know that netflix was found in 1997 by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph in California?	Yes, because of a late fee lol
Yes, because of a late fee lol	Wow, do you like that to watched drama movies on netflix or TV?
Wow, do you like that to watched drama movies on netflix or TV?	I never watch tv anymore. Id rather watch stuff I can stream. How about u?
I never watch tv anymore. Id rather watch stuff I can stream. How about u?	I like both, I mostly watched TV for news and sports and when speeches are being made.
I like both, I mostly watched TV for news and sports and when speeches are being made.	Its been good talking to you,
Its been good talking to you,	Greetings! Are you a Netflix user by any chance? I just learned that Netflix accounts for a third of all internet bandwidth between 9 p.m. and midnight. That's a lot of people streaming movies and shows!
Greetings! Are you a Netflix user by any chance? I just learned that Netflix accounts for a third of all internet bandwidth between 9 p.m. and midnight. That's a lot of people streaming movies and shows!	Ain't much on TV these days. Folks want quality entertainment. Youtube also sucks up tons of bandwidth.
Ain't much on TV these days. Folks want quality entertainment. Youtube also sucks up tons of bandwidth.	That's true -- about YouTube. But I've been amazed by the growth of Netflix. There's almost no country it's not in, the exceptions being places like China and North Korea.
That's true -- about YouTube. But I've been amazed by the growth of Netflix. There's almost no country it's not in, the exceptions being places like China and North Korea.	The Chinese gov't doesn't want imperial influence within its borders.
The Chinese gov't doesn't want imperial influence within its borders.	So, you said folks want quality entertainment. Do you drama? It's one of the oldest forms of fiction, dating back to the time of Aristotle.
So, you said folks want quality entertainment. Do you drama? It's one of the oldest forms of fiction, dating back to the time of Aristotle.	Drama is great. But do actors choose drama because they like drama or because they like the actors? Michael Caine had ulterior motives.
Drama is great. But do actors choose drama because they like drama or because they like the actors? Michael Caine had ulterior motives.	Yes, I've heard about his motives. ;-) But, whatever, he's a great actor. Jim Carrey, meanwhile, doesn't do drama anymore because he wants to be in films that project positivity.
Yes, I've heard about his motives. ;-) But, whatever, he's a great actor. Jim Carrey, meanwhile, doesn't do drama anymore because he wants to be in films that project positivity.	I think that dramas CAN project positivity. People don't need to laugh. They need to feel good.
I think that dramas CAN project positivity. People don't need to laugh. They need to feel good.	Have you ever seen "Rise" on NBC? It's about kids who want to put on a show -- kind of a tired meme. But the show has some good talent like Auli'i Cravalho.
Have you ever seen "Rise" on NBC? It's about kids who want to put on a show -- kind of a tired meme. But the show has some good talent like Auli'i Cravalho.	I haven't seen it. I guess the producers are hoping to draw a young audience
I haven't seen it. I guess the producers are hoping to draw a young audience	Yes, that's the way of all mass media. If they don't get a young audience, then there's no future for them. "Rise" is situated in a high school and focuses on the students in the theatre department, kind of like how "Glee" dealt with the kids in the glee club.
Yes, that's the way of all mass media. If they don't get a young audience, then there's no future for them. "Rise" is situated in a high school and focuses on the students in the theatre department, kind of like how "Glee" dealt with the kids in the glee club.	Gotcha. I don't know Glee, but I can imagine the cast already. A multi-ethnic bunch dealing with parents and teachers. But Rise is drama about the drama club. Very dramatic.
Gotcha. I don't know Glee, but I can imagine the cast already. A multi-ethnic bunch dealing with parents and teachers. But Rise is drama about the drama club. Very dramatic.	I haven't seen "Rise," just read about it. The shows seem related. "Rise" features a football player who is cast in the lead of a musical. "Glee" had a football player who became the standout male lead singer.
I haven't seen "Rise," just read about it. The shows seem related. "Rise" features a football player who is cast in the lead of a musical. "Glee" had a football player who became the standout male lead singer.	Yes, that seems obvious, since we all know that football players are selected for their singing talent. In the singing competitions, did the Glee folks paint the visitor locker room pink, like University of Iowa?
Yes, that seems obvious, since we all know that football players are selected for their singing talent. In the singing competitions, did the Glee folks paint the visitor locker room pink, like University of Iowa?	Ha! No, I don't think so. That would be something to see. I wonder if they do that in other countries where they have something called "football"? Ever seen Australian rules? Beats American football.
Ha! No, I don't think so. That would be something to see. I wonder if they do that in other countries where they have something called "football"? Ever seen Australian rules? Beats American football.	Never seen it. Pads, helmets, the works? Just as violent?
Never seen it. Pads, helmets, the works? Just as violent?	It's Australian. I think they have pads on their knees, some of them. But no helmets or other padding. And probably players get hurt a lot more. I think it's closer to rugby.
It's Australian. I think they have pads on their knees, some of them. But no helmets or other padding. And probably players get hurt a lot more. I think it's closer to rugby.	I guess those Australians are just naturally violent types. I wonder how much bowlers in Australia made in the 1960s compared to football players.
I guess those Australians are just naturally violent types. I wonder how much bowlers in Australia made in the 1960s compared to football players.	Hmm, I don't know. But now I'm wondering if there's an Australian version of "Glee" or "Rise" starring an Australian rules player who also sings and/or acts. Now that would be quite the drama!
Hmm, I don't know. But now I'm wondering if there's an Australian version of "Glee" or "Rise" starring an Australian rules player who also sings and/or acts. Now that would be quite the drama!	Lots of violence in the drama club, and no helmets for protection! Oh, the drama! It's funny that Blockbuster declined offers to buy Netflix for $50 million. What an oversight!
Lots of violence in the drama club, and no helmets for protection! Oh, the drama! It's funny that Blockbuster declined offers to buy Netflix for $50 million. What an oversight!	Yup. The company's worth a lot more now -- about $2 billion!
Yup. The company's worth a lot more now -- about $2 billion!	Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!
Well, I enjoyed chatting with you!	Likewise.
Likewise.	Bye!
Bye!	Hi, do you like basketball? NBA fan?
Hi, do you like basketball? NBA fan?	Yea, out of the 30 NBA teams the Knicks are my favorite
Yea, out of the 30 NBA teams the Knicks are my favorite	Cool. I'm a Raptors fan. Canada's only team.
Cool. I'm a Raptors fan. Canada's only team.	The Raptors are doing good, maybe they'll bring the championship to Canada
The Raptors are doing good, maybe they'll bring the championship to Canada	I feel like this is their year. They always have problems in the playoffs but this years team is their best. Did you know NBA players are the worlds best paid athletes?
I feel like this is their year. They always have problems in the playoffs but this years team is their best. Did you know NBA players are the worlds best paid athletes?	Yea nba players get paid good but its a shame 60% of them go broke 2 years after retirement
Yea nba players get paid good but its a shame 60% of them go broke 2 years after retirement	That is crazy. You'd think the NBAPA would hire people to help manage it's players money since they clearly can't do it on their own. In addition to their salaries basketball players seem to get more endorsements then other athletes. Allen Iverson's reebok contract pays him until he is 55!
That is crazy. You'd think the NBAPA would hire people to help manage it's players money since they clearly can't do it on their own. In addition to their salaries basketball players seem to get more endorsements then other athletes. Allen Iverson's reebok contract pays him until he is 55!	That's pretty insane. Spencer Haywood declined a 10% in Nike for 100,000 dollars for his shoe deal
That's pretty insane. Spencer Haywood declined a 10% in Nike for 100,000 dollars for his shoe deal	Imagine how much he'd have now? Although players like him and Jordan are the exception. The regular plays probably get modest sponsorship and once they are no longer playing don't know what to do with their money, then it's gone for good.
Imagine how much he'd have now? Although players like him and Jordan are the exception. The regular plays probably get modest sponsorship and once they are no longer playing don't know what to do with their money, then it's gone for good.	Well if Haywood took the 10% he have 8.62 billion worth in Nike
Well if Haywood took the 10% he have 8.62 billion worth in Nike	WOW! That is a shame. You said you are a Knicks fan, have you ever been to the NBA head office in NY?
WOW! That is a shame. You said you are a Knicks fan, have you ever been to the NBA head office in NY?	No but maybe I'll check it out on Fifth Avenue next time I'm in NYC
No but maybe I'll check it out on Fifth Avenue next time I'm in NYC	I'm just wondering if it's worth going to. Probably is. The NBA TV studios is not too far away too but I think it's on the jersey side.
I'm just wondering if it's worth going to. Probably is. The NBA TV studios is not too far away too but I think it's on the jersey side.	I'd really like to go check out a football game, out of the 32 teams I love watching the Giants
I'd really like to go check out a football game, out of the 32 teams I love watching the Giants	You know I've never been to an NFL game either, it's not quite as exciting as basketball with only an average of 11 minutes of actual gameplay in a game that lasts hours.
You know I've never been to an NFL game either, it's not quite as exciting as basketball with only an average of 11 minutes of actual gameplay in a game that lasts hours.	Especially if you're a Browns fan, since 1999 Ben Rothlesburger has the most wins as a qb in their stadium
Especially if you're a Browns fan, since 1999 Ben Rothlesburger has the most wins as a qb in their stadium	The NFL has a lot of weird rules too. Apparently if saints cheerleaders are eating in a restaurant and a player comes in they have to leave since they aren't allowed to eat in the same place.
The NFL has a lot of weird rules too. Apparently if saints cheerleaders are eating in a restaurant and a player comes in they have to leave since they aren't allowed to eat in the same place.	That's a shame, how would they even know, it's not like they put tracking chips in the cheerleaders like they do in the players' equipment
That's a shame, how would they even know, it's not like they put tracking chips in the cheerleaders like they do in the players' equipment	Who knows. You always hear about NFL players being fined for random things too. I think I'll stick with mostly watching NBA games.
Who knows. You always hear about NFL players being fined for random things too. I think I'll stick with mostly watching NBA games.	Yea, the NFL has changed a lot since they started in 1932
Yea, the NFL has changed a lot since they started in 1932	Wow I didn't know the NFL was that old. I always thought it was the newest major sports league, but the NBA only started in 1946.
Wow I didn't know the NFL was that old. I always thought it was the newest major sports league, but the NBA only started in 1946.	Well it was nice talking with you, have a good one
Well it was nice talking with you, have a good one	Good Morning! Do you like to watch sports?
Good Morning! Do you like to watch sports?	I do like to watch. I really like basketball. What about you?
I do like to watch. I really like basketball. What about you?	I like both football and basketball! I always thought it was cool how Tim Duncan made sure to finish college first before the NBA!
I like both football and basketball! I always thought it was cool how Tim Duncan made sure to finish college first before the NBA!	That is smart. It always surprises me that Air Jordan's were banned upon introduction by the NBA.
That is smart. It always surprises me that Air Jordan's were banned upon introduction by the NBA.	Me too! Luckily Nike decided to pay the fines, otherwise I don't know where they would be today!
Me too! Luckily Nike decided to pay the fines, otherwise I don't know where they would be today!	Yeah, and those shoe deals are valuable! I know Alan Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with Reebok.
Yeah, and those shoe deals are valuable! I know Alan Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement contract with Reebok.	I bet he can't wait until he turns 55 to get that lump sum payment of 32 million dollars!
I bet he can't wait until he turns 55 to get that lump sum payment of 32 million dollars!	Yeah. That's a lot, but so is the $800k a year he's been getting since 2001.
Yeah. That's a lot, but so is the $800k a year he's been getting since 2001.	Yet he is still saying he's always broke haha. Do you watch football as well? I can't believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay!
Yet he is still saying he's always broke haha. Do you watch football as well? I can't believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay!	Yes, I watch all of the time. I can not believe that the league has no rules against female players as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements!
Yes, I watch all of the time. I can not believe that the league has no rules against female players as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements!	It would be nice to see a woman tryout someday! I wonder if there has been and we just don't know?
It would be nice to see a woman tryout someday! I wonder if there has been and we just don't know?	Yeah, I'm not sure if it is publicized. It's odd they allow females to join, yet the Saints still have what seems like sexist rules for their cheerleaders.
Yeah, I'm not sure if it is publicized. It's odd they allow females to join, yet the Saints still have what seems like sexist rules for their cheerleaders.	I couldn't imagine how they would feel if they just ordered a nice meal and had to leave! I wonder if the NBA does that too!
I couldn't imagine how they would feel if they just ordered a nice meal and had to leave! I wonder if the NBA does that too!	I'm not sure. Can you believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an NFL or MLB player?
I'm not sure. Can you believe that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of an NFL or MLB player?	I believe it. You have to think, some players only play 2-3 years and make the rookie salary! Go Engineers! Haha, I wonder how they pair up with basketball players?
I believe it. You have to think, some players only play 2-3 years and make the rookie salary! Go Engineers! Haha, I wonder how they pair up with basketball players?	Well, that is true.I can not believe football is so advanced! Did you know they use tracking devices?
Well, that is true.I can not believe football is so advanced! Did you know they use tracking devices?	I did hear that! Is it just to see a players every move?
I did hear that! Is it just to see a players every move?	Yes! The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.
Yes! The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field.	Don't they do that with the footballs too? In terms of things like velocity and rotation?
Don't they do that with the footballs too? In terms of things like velocity and rotation?	They sure do. Sounds like they keep track of everything that is going on.
They sure do. Sounds like they keep track of everything that is going on.	That would be interesting to see the data. Well it was nice chatting, have a great day!
That would be interesting to see the data. Well it was nice chatting, have a great day!	Hello, do you like Basketball?
Hello, do you like Basketball?	Yes, I am a huge fan as a matter of fact! But knowing the highest paid employee in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches is shocking. Are you a basketball fan as well?
Yes, I am a huge fan as a matter of fact! But knowing the highest paid employee in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches is shocking. Are you a basketball fan as well?	Yeah, I was shocked too. It is just State employees so that does not count the under the table money the players get lol.
Yeah, I was shocked too. It is just State employees so that does not count the under the table money the players get lol.	You may be right about that. Ha! I also think it's shocking college basketball banned the dunk shot for more than a decade thanks to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He must have been one powerful dunker!
You may be right about that. Ha! I also think it's shocking college basketball banned the dunk shot for more than a decade thanks to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He must have been one powerful dunker!	I bet the attendence went down for that year haha and they changed their minds.
I bet the attendence went down for that year haha and they changed their minds.	Probably so! I tell you what would make attendance go down is if a team in the US was called the "Tall Blacks" like that team over in New Zealand is. I don't see how they get away with such a racist name!
Probably so! I tell you what would make attendance go down is if a team in the US was called the "Tall Blacks" like that team over in New Zealand is. I don't see how they get away with such a racist name!	No, its a pun on the Rugby team the All Blacks because they wear all black.
No, its a pun on the Rugby team the All Blacks because they wear all black.	That would make a little more sense. On another basketball note, did you know the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is also the University of Kansas' only losing coach in its entire history? Thats a little ironic!
That would make a little more sense. On another basketball note, did you know the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is also the University of Kansas' only losing coach in its entire history? Thats a little ironic!	Yeah the All Blacks are legends so they stole their name. Naismith should have taught granny style shooting to help
Yeah the All Blacks are legends so they stole their name. Naismith should have taught granny style shooting to help	Ha! Maybe he should have! So did you also know there's actually a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building which is called the highest court in the land?
Ha! Maybe he should have! So did you also know there's actually a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building which is called the highest court in the land?	Very neat! I would like to see that. Do you like football too?
Very neat! I would like to see that. Do you like football too?	I do love football, especially the NFL! Although I don't like how there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game. I wish it was longer. What about you?
I do love football, especially the NFL! Although I don't like how there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game. I wish it was longer. What about you?	Love it. Lots of trades going on! I did not know there were chips in the balls?
Love it. Lots of trades going on! I did not know there were chips in the balls?	Oh yeah, and they also stick tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads as well to record their every move! That is so innovative!
Oh yeah, and they also stick tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads as well to record their every move! That is so innovative!	How come they make so many bad calls then? Did you know espn invented the yellow line?
How come they make so many bad calls then? Did you know espn invented the yellow line?	Did they really? Now that is innovative! Speaking of the NFL, I can't help but wonder why they haven't signed a female player yet seeing as how there are no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. You'd think we would have at least had a female kicker by now!
Did they really? Now that is innovative! Speaking of the NFL, I can't help but wonder why they haven't signed a female player yet seeing as how there are no rules against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements. You'd think we would have at least had a female kicker by now!	I agree. There are some female soccer player who can kick the ball like crazy! Did you know Saint Cheerleaders have to leave a restuarant if a player walks in?
I agree. There are some female soccer player who can kick the ball like crazy! Did you know Saint Cheerleaders have to leave a restuarant if a player walks in?	I can't believe no lawsuits have been filed over that misogynistic rule yet. But regarding female players, if they do it simply for the money, then they should just enter the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway.
I can't believe no lawsuits have been filed over that misogynistic rule yet. But regarding female players, if they do it simply for the money, then they should just enter the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players anyway.	Yeah, NFL careers are short. But they can still have a career like engineer post NFL.
Yeah, NFL careers are short. But they can still have a career like engineer post NFL.	True! Pr they could see if the NBA will take them since NBA players are the best paid athletes in the world by average annual salary!
True! Pr they could see if the NBA will take them since NBA players are the best paid athletes in the world by average annual salary!	Good point...take care and nice chat!
Good point...take care and nice chat!	And additionally, look at the endorsement deals, such as the lifetime deal Allen Iverson signed with Reebok! He gets $800k a year until he hits 55, then he gets a final lump sum payment of $32 million. NBA is definitely where the money is at! Ha! Well, you take care as well, friend! I enjoyed our chat!
And additionally, look at the endorsement deals, such as the lifetime deal Allen Iverson signed with Reebok! He gets $800k a year until he hits 55, then he gets a final lump sum payment of $32 million. NBA is definitely where the money is at! Ha! Well, you take care as well, friend! I enjoyed our chat!	Take care
Take care	hi
hi	Hey man, what's up?
Hey man, what's up?	im good you?
im good you?	I was listening to talk radio and heard that the highest paid state employee in most states is the football or basketball coach!
I was listening to talk radio and heard that the highest paid state employee in most states is the football or basketball coach!	Yes I saw in section 2 that iverson got a lump sum for 32 million
Yes I saw in section 2 that iverson got a lump sum for 32 million	I think they get paid too much! But I remember from the Kavenaugh hearings that even the Supreme Court justices like to play the b'ball. They have their own court called "the highest court in the land", lol!
I think they get paid too much! But I remember from the Kavenaugh hearings that even the Supreme Court justices like to play the b'ball. They have their own court called "the highest court in the land", lol!	haha. What did you think about section 3 basketball?
haha. What did you think about section 3 basketball?	I've never been a real fan of basketball, I'm just amazed at how crazy some people are about it. But also, the skills, like Kareem Abdul-Jabarr's dunking skills!
I've never been a real fan of basketball, I'm just amazed at how crazy some people are about it. But also, the skills, like Kareem Abdul-Jabarr's dunking skills!	haha. I think it was cool how his shot got banned from college basketball.
haha. I think it was cool how his shot got banned from college basketball.	He must have been too good! Personally, I admire the guys that stay in school before going to the NBA. Seems like they are looking out for the future.
He must have been too good! Personally, I admire the guys that stay in school before going to the NBA. Seems like they are looking out for the future.	Yes its important to have an education.
Yes its important to have an education.	Yes indeed. I think I read somewhere that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than those of an NFL or NBA player. So staying in school makes sense. Especially since players get hurt all the time and some never get back in the game. Been some gruesome injuries lately.
Yes indeed. I think I read somewhere that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than those of an NFL or NBA player. So staying in school makes sense. Especially since players get hurt all the time and some never get back in the game. Been some gruesome injuries lately.	Yes and TBI is a scary problem in the NFL
Yes and TBI is a scary problem in the NFL	Their heads get too big sometimes too and they think they can get away with all kinds of stuff. You would think all that money would make them super cautious. But, I hear about criminal activity all the time, such as with Aaron Hernandez.
Their heads get too big sometimes too and they think they can get away with all kinds of stuff. You would think all that money would make them super cautious. But, I hear about criminal activity all the time, such as with Aaron Hernandez.	Yes they think they are God
Yes they think they are God	Guess that's why there aren't any women NFL players, lol. Although, if they met the requirements they could be!
Guess that's why there aren't any women NFL players, lol. Although, if they met the requirements they could be!	I agree. As a woman they should have equal rights. What league is your favorite?
I agree. As a woman they should have equal rights. What league is your favorite?	I personally don't believe in the equal rights thing, and I'm a woman! As far as a favorite league, my favorite team is the New Orleans Saints. They have awesome cheerleaders too, but some of the rules they have to follow are ridiculous. They aren't allowed to have any kind of social contact with the players!
I personally don't believe in the equal rights thing, and I'm a woman! As far as a favorite league, my favorite team is the New Orleans Saints. They have awesome cheerleaders too, but some of the rules they have to follow are ridiculous. They aren't allowed to have any kind of social contact with the players!	well any last thoughts before we disconnect?
well any last thoughts before we disconnect?	Nah, I enjoy talking the sports thing once in a while, so I enjoyed chatting. Makes me seem like I actually know what I'm talking about, ha ha.
Nah, I enjoy talking the sports thing once in a while, so I enjoyed chatting. Makes me seem like I actually know what I'm talking about, ha ha.	haha nice talking to you
haha nice talking to you	Air Force One is an amazing plane - have you ever seen it?
Air Force One is an amazing plane - have you ever seen it?	I have, Ive seen it on picture and on some movies, it does look like a great plane,
I have, Ive seen it on picture and on some movies, it does look like a great plane,	Yes its far better than traveling by horse and buggy like George Washington did
Yes its far better than traveling by horse and buggy like George Washington did	I wonder what was the name of the horse Washington had, horse force 1?
I wonder what was the name of the horse Washington had, horse force 1?	laugh! Andrew Jackson at least got to travel by train, and McKinley was the first to get a car
laugh! Andrew Jackson at least got to travel by train, and McKinley was the first to get a car	Do you know who was the first president to travel by air, maybe it was Roosebelt of Nixon,
Do you know who was the first president to travel by air, maybe it was Roosebelt of Nixon,	Roosevelt did during WWII. The current air force one was made in 1990
Roosevelt did during WWII. The current air force one was made in 1990	Yeah it was used by George H.W. Bush, its a big plane, the closer you walk towards it the smaller that makes you feel
Yeah it was used by George H.W. Bush, its a big plane, the closer you walk towards it the smaller that makes you feel	There is a retrofitted plane you can tour at National Harbor
There is a retrofitted plane you can tour at National Harbor	I heard that plane is as tall as a six story building, I wonder why the plane is so big, the presiden must travel with all his staff or a great part.
I heard that plane is as tall as a six story building, I wonder why the plane is so big, the presiden must travel with all his staff or a great part.	Yes it is about 2/3 the length of a football field and weighs as much as 65 elephants!
Yes it is about 2/3 the length of a football field and weighs as much as 65 elephants!	65 elephants wow that is heavy, do you like to travel?
65 elephants wow that is heavy, do you like to travel?	I love traveling, sadly having to fly coach instead of on air force one. I love Europe
I love traveling, sadly having to fly coach instead of on air force one. I love Europe	Interesting fact but air travel is actually 10% slower now, thats to save cost on fuel
Interesting fact but air travel is actually 10% slower now, thats to save cost on fuel	Wow I had never heard that. It probably helps in Iceland where they have no trains so have to fly everywhere
Wow I had never heard that. It probably helps in Iceland where they have no trains so have to fly everywhere	No trains really? it must be really expensive to travel to other towns,if you ever want to travel and have a low budget there is a site that lets you crash on peoples couches
No trains really? it must be really expensive to travel to other towns,if you ever want to travel and have a low budget there is a site that lets you crash on peoples couches	Right - couch surfing could definitely be the way to go! Though I think I would take the bus in the Netherlands - they have one that goes 160 mph!
Right - couch surfing could definitely be the way to go! Though I think I would take the bus in the Netherlands - they have one that goes 160 mph!	That sounds like a really fast method of travel, 160 mph is fast, some people steal garden gnomes for their travels and then they put them back when they return
That sounds like a really fast method of travel, 160 mph is fast, some people steal garden gnomes for their travels and then they put them back when they return	Yes I love seeing where the gnomes travel! Just dont go to Japan unless you have some cash - tolls can be $300 just to cross the countrt
Yes I love seeing where the gnomes travel! Just dont go to Japan unless you have some cash - tolls can be $300 just to cross the countrt	$300 dollars just for tolls!! wow that seems really excesive and unfair, how do people pay for that
$300 dollars just for tolls!! wow that seems really excesive and unfair, how do people pay for that	Japan is a fairly rich country. Lots of things are expensive there. But they make good cars!
Japan is a fairly rich country. Lots of things are expensive there. But they make good cars!	They do make good cars, I agree with you there.
They do make good cars, I agree with you there.	Hello! Do you like to travel?
Hello! Do you like to travel?	Yes I do when i have the time and the money which is not often these days. You?
Yes I do when i have the time and the money which is not often these days. You?	I do like to travel. Trying to get to South Africa next. Have you ever been to Japan?
I do like to travel. Trying to get to South Africa next. Have you ever been to Japan?	yes i have. interesting place. no cars with flamethrowers though.
yes i have. interesting place. no cars with flamethrowers though.	Yeah, that's true. To travel all the way across Japan it would cost more than 300$ in tolls. Crazy.
Yeah, that's true. To travel all the way across Japan it would cost more than 300$ in tolls. Crazy.	yes, but the roads are clear. you can travel fast. plus they are well maintained. you would still be better off on the train though.
yes, but the roads are clear. you can travel fast. plus they are well maintained. you would still be better off on the train though.	Yeah, the dutch are creating a commuter bus that travels at 160 mph. That's fast!
Yeah, the dutch are creating a commuter bus that travels at 160 mph. That's fast!	it is fast. the dutch have the right idea. get people to work fast and comfortably and they can get more work done.
it is fast. the dutch have the right idea. get people to work fast and comfortably and they can get more work done.	Yeah, we waste so much time with transportation. It feels like just getting to work is one of the most stressful parts of working.
Yeah, we waste so much time with transportation. It feels like just getting to work is one of the most stressful parts of working.	yes, quite true. travel in general can be quite stressful. transportation is often not very comfortable.
yes, quite true. travel in general can be quite stressful. transportation is often not very comfortable.	No, I take public transportation and it can be a little sketchy at times. A lot of drunk people in the subway late at night. Iceland has no public rail service.
No, I take public transportation and it can be a little sketchy at times. A lot of drunk people in the subway late at night. Iceland has no public rail service.	that is unfortunate. i wish public transit in the us were the same as in japan. iceland probably has bad terrain for rail. airplanes are eaiser.
that is unfortunate. i wish public transit in the us were the same as in japan. iceland probably has bad terrain for rail. airplanes are eaiser.	Yeah,I never thought about that. There is an island that has banned motorized vehicles.
Yeah,I never thought about that. There is an island that has banned motorized vehicles.	Mackinac island, Michigan. I wish that banned cell phones too. I would travel there. I guess commutes are by horse. LOL
Mackinac island, Michigan. I wish that banned cell phones too. I would travel there. I guess commutes are by horse. LOL	That sure does have to be peaceful. I hate walking around with cars whizzing by.
That sure does have to be peaceful. I hate walking around with cars whizzing by.	yes, i would rather see people walking, on bicycles, on horseback, on elephants. not cars. LOL.
yes, i would rather see people walking, on bicycles, on horseback, on elephants. not cars. LOL.	Elephants might be a little scary, lol. Speaking of cars, The trunk of the car was named after the fact that they used to put wooden trunks on the back.
Elephants might be a little scary, lol. Speaking of cars, The trunk of the car was named after the fact that they used to put wooden trunks on the back.	yes, but in the uk it is caled the boot. i wonder whether they had boots on the backs of cars there LOL
yes, but in the uk it is caled the boot. i wonder whether they had boots on the backs of cars there LOL	Lol, that is quite a head scratcher. Mcdonalds added drive thrus to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to leave their cars.
Lol, that is quite a head scratcher. Mcdonalds added drive thrus to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to leave their cars.	that is great. mcd's must have had a lot of troops as customers. anyway, great chat!
that is great. mcd's must have had a lot of troops as customers. anyway, great chat!	Yeah, you too! bye!
Yeah, you too! bye!	Thanks! Bye!
Thanks! Bye!	Bye!
Bye!	Good Morning! Do you like cars?
Good Morning! Do you like cars?	Yes. I like cars. Cars is a motor vehicle used for transportation in roads and carry people safely.
Yes. I like cars. Cars is a motor vehicle used for transportation in roads and carry people safely.	Yes, that is right. The 1908 Ford Model T was one of the first cars available to the masses.
Yes, that is right. The 1908 Ford Model T was one of the first cars available to the masses.	Yes. Modern car is invented by Karl Benz in 18th century, In 20th century only, cars are available for human uses.
Yes. Modern car is invented by Karl Benz in 18th century, In 20th century only, cars are available for human uses.	In the 20th Century developed economies relied on cars after they came into global use.
In the 20th Century developed economies relied on cars after they came into global use.	Yeah. The cars are propelled by internal combustion engine which have fossil fuel to run, which causes lot of pollution to the environment, some countries are using Ethanol as fuel to avoid pollution.
Yeah. The cars are propelled by internal combustion engine which have fossil fuel to run, which causes lot of pollution to the environment, some countries are using Ethanol as fuel to avoid pollution.	That is a good idea. Did you know the old cars used to have a wooden trunk on the back and that is how the car trunk got its name?
That is a good idea. Did you know the old cars used to have a wooden trunk on the back and that is how the car trunk got its name?	Now days, Electric are also available for human uses but it very costly, some countries only using this type of cars to avoid pollution.
Now days, Electric are also available for human uses but it very costly, some countries only using this type of cars to avoid pollution.	I think I would use it for the same reason. Did you know the drive-thru at McDonalds was only added in 1975?
I think I would use it for the same reason. Did you know the drive-thru at McDonalds was only added in 1975?	It very interesting. It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking.
It very interesting. It is legal in south-africa to equip your car with flame throwers to prevent carjacking.	I think I would be happy to do that if car jacking was a real issue.
I think I would be happy to do that if car jacking was a real issue.	Surely, The largest people having cars in US compared to other countries.
Surely, The largest people having cars in US compared to other countries.	Oh, interesting. I also like to travel. I've even heard that there is a bus being designed by the Dutch to go 160 mph.
Oh, interesting. I also like to travel. I've even heard that there is a bus being designed by the Dutch to go 160 mph.	Which type of travelling you like very much ?
Which type of travelling you like very much ?	I really like any. I would like to go Mackinac Island even though they don't allow motorized vehicles.
I really like any. I would like to go Mackinac Island even though they don't allow motorized vehicles.	The first king to travel around the world was king Kalakaua of Hawaii.
The first king to travel around the world was king Kalakaua of Hawaii.	That is pretty impressive. I wish I could do that. I would not want travel to Japan, it is expensive since all the highways are tolls.
That is pretty impressive. I wish I could do that. I would not want travel to Japan, it is expensive since all the highways are tolls.	Travelling in car for the long distance is very nice. Toll cost is very high.
Travelling in car for the long distance is very nice. Toll cost is very high.	Yes, I agree, it is. It can be $300 or more to travel across the country of Japan.
Yes, I agree, it is. It can be $300 or more to travel across the country of Japan.	The president is a common title for the head of the government or nation.
The president is a common title for the head of the government or nation.	Yes, it is. The first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
Yes, it is. The first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.	The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop album in his office, this shows he is very much interested in Music also. It is very great.
The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop album in his office, this shows he is very much interested in Music also. It is very great.	I agree it sounds fun. It was nice chatting with you.
I agree it sounds fun. It was nice chatting with you.	Thanks. Have a great day.
Thanks. Have a great day.	You as well!
You as well!	Are you interested in travel, cars, or the President?
Are you interested in travel, cars, or the President?	I do. Did you know the three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I find it surprising since it's not anyone recent.
I do. Did you know the three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I find it surprising since it's not anyone recent.	Yes, I cannot imagine just how much money all of them had. Must have been astronomical. Since the role of the president is a prominent one, you would think that only very wealthy people would be able to get elected since it takes so much money to get to the Presidential office.
Yes, I cannot imagine just how much money all of them had. Must have been astronomical. Since the role of the president is a prominent one, you would think that only very wealthy people would be able to get elected since it takes so much money to get to the Presidential office.	That is true. Most probably know people who are wealthy who help with their campaigns and such. Where I grew up, our head of state was Prime Minister not president like most republics.
That is true. Most probably know people who are wealthy who help with their campaigns and such. Where I grew up, our head of state was Prime Minister not president like most republics.	Cool, I know a lot of cultures have different names for their leaders and many leaders are diverse. Did you know that the President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
Cool, I know a lot of cultures have different names for their leaders and many leaders are diverse. Did you know that the President of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.	That is pretty funny. Must have been a cool guy. How about President Banana who was the first president of Zimbabwe? What a name, huh?
That is pretty funny. Must have been a cool guy. How about President Banana who was the first president of Zimbabwe? What a name, huh?	Yes, his country's main export was probably bananas. He probably thought that was a compliment.
Yes, his country's main export was probably bananas. He probably thought that was a compliment.	Maybe. Have you ever visited the White House? Apparently the guest house is larger than the actual white house. I find that fascinating.
Maybe. Have you ever visited the White House? Apparently the guest house is larger than the actual white house. I find that fascinating.	I've never visited but I've heard that before. I don't really travel that much. However, if I got the chance, I'd love to travel around the world like King Kalakaua of Hawaii.
I've never visited but I've heard that before. I don't really travel that much. However, if I got the chance, I'd love to travel around the world like King Kalakaua of Hawaii.	Since I grew up on an island, I would probably visit Mackinac Island, MI, where motorized vehicles are banned.
Since I grew up on an island, I would probably visit Mackinac Island, MI, where motorized vehicles are banned.	Yes, I'd like that too if I were on vacation but if I had to be somewhere in a hurry, I'd probably be late a lot especially when it rains. In another country, the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to get you there on time. It will travel at 160 MPH.
Yes, I'd like that too if I were on vacation but if I had to be somewhere in a hurry, I'd probably be late a lot especially when it rains. In another country, the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to get you there on time. It will travel at 160 MPH.	That's convenient. I feel bad for Icelanders. They have no public rail service and most don't have cars so they have to travel by plane between major towns.
That's convenient. I feel bad for Icelanders. They have no public rail service and most don't have cars so they have to travel by plane between major towns.	Yes, speaking of cars, most definitions of a car say they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four tires, and mainly transport people rather than goods. And, cars didn't became widely available until the early 20th century.
Yes, speaking of cars, most definitions of a car say they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four tires, and mainly transport people rather than goods. And, cars didn't became widely available until the early 20th century.	Cars are a lifesaver. In Japan, all the highways have tolls and it costs $300 to go cross country. That would stink to spend that much money.
Cars are a lifesaver. In Japan, all the highways have tolls and it costs $300 to go cross country. That would stink to spend that much money.	I agree. Another interesting fact is that the trunk of your car is called a trunk because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back. Cool huh?
I agree. Another interesting fact is that the trunk of your car is called a trunk because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back. Cool huh?	Sure is. Here's an interesting fact. In South Africa it is legal to carry flame throwers in your car to prevent carjacking.
Sure is. Here's an interesting fact. In South Africa it is legal to carry flame throwers in your car to prevent carjacking.	Wow, they don't play do they? Even so, back in the day the car brand Cadillac was names after french explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who actually founded Detroit. Interesting Fact!
Wow, they don't play do they? Even so, back in the day the car brand Cadillac was names after french explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who actually founded Detroit. Interesting Fact!	I love Cadillacs. I also love the Benz birthed in 1886 as a modern car.
I love Cadillacs. I also love the Benz birthed in 1886 as a modern car.	Yes, actually the year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of modern cars when Karl Benz patented his Benz Patent Motor Wagon.
Yes, actually the year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of modern cars when Karl Benz patented his Benz Patent Motor Wagon.	Love them! Kudos to McDonald's who added a drive thru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars because of their fatigues.
Love them! Kudos to McDonald's who added a drive thru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars because of their fatigues.	Yes, that was a very smart move on their part. Made them a lot of money since then. Nice chatting with you.
Yes, that was a very smart move on their part. Made them a lot of money since then. Nice chatting with you.	I travel when I get the chance. Do you like to travel?
I travel when I get the chance. Do you like to travel?	Yes I like to travel, I've been many places.
Yes I like to travel, I've been many places.	Did you know that the Dutch are creating a train that will travel 160 MPH?
Did you know that the Dutch are creating a train that will travel 160 MPH?	No I did not know that. But I do know about that hearse that carried Rosa Parks and Aretha Franklin. That thing was dope!
No I did not know that. But I do know about that hearse that carried Rosa Parks and Aretha Franklin. That thing was dope!	I did not know about that. Can you elaborate?
I did not know about that. Can you elaborate?	It was a white hearse from the 40's with a vintage slope to the back.
It was a white hearse from the 40's with a vintage slope to the back.	And the exact same one carried both in their funeral processions?
And the exact same one carried both in their funeral processions?	Yes, it was the same vehicle. I'd love to have one carry me one day, just like that.
Yes, it was the same vehicle. I'd love to have one carry me one day, just like that.	That's pretty amazing. Speaking of cars, did you know that McDonald's invented the drive-thru?
That's pretty amazing. Speaking of cars, did you know that McDonald's invented the drive-thru?	really? i didnt but it makes sense.
really? i didnt but it makes sense.	It was to accommodate soldiers because they could not get out of their cars in their fatigues.
It was to accommodate soldiers because they could not get out of their cars in their fatigues.	that makes no sense
that makes no sense	I don't know why they were not allowed to exit their vehicle in fatigues at the time. Do you know why the trunk of your car is called a trunk?
I don't know why they were not allowed to exit their vehicle in fatigues at the time. Do you know why the trunk of your car is called a trunk?	Because its' the back end. Just like a butt. Did you know it's illegal to warm up your car in Ohio?
Because its' the back end. Just like a butt. Did you know it's illegal to warm up your car in Ohio?	It's actually because there used to be actual wooden trunks in the back. I did not. That seems crazy because I live in Ohio and we all warm up our cars. You couldn't see in the winter if you didn't.
It's actually because there used to be actual wooden trunks in the back. I did not. That seems crazy because I live in Ohio and we all warm up our cars. You couldn't see in the winter if you didn't.	Oh wow, that's wild
Oh wow, that's wild	Do you know why the Cadillac is called a Cadillac?
Do you know why the Cadillac is called a Cadillac?	Isn't it named after an indian chief?
Isn't it named after an indian chief?	It's named after the founder of Detroit Antoine De La Mothe.
It's named after the founder of Detroit Antoine De La Mothe.	Where is Cadillac in his name then?
Where is Cadillac in his name then?	Sorry I left the last name off Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac. Nice chatting with you.
Sorry I left the last name off Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac. Nice chatting with you.	Hi! Do you like sports? I really like football and to be honest, I didn't really enjoy the super bowl game, but I do like the quarterback, Tom Brady.
Hi! Do you like sports? I really like football and to be honest, I didn't really enjoy the super bowl game, but I do like the quarterback, Tom Brady.	I like some sports. I did watch the Super Bowl and it was crazy boring. I'm not a Brady fan but I respect his talent. Are you familiar with Alex Smith?
I like some sports. I did watch the Super Bowl and it was crazy boring. I'm not a Brady fan but I respect his talent. Are you familiar with Alex Smith?	It really was crazy boring but yeah, I do think Brady is a great player. No I'm not familiar with Alex Smith, is he a quarterback as well?
It really was crazy boring but yeah, I do think Brady is a great player. No I'm not familiar with Alex Smith, is he a quarterback as well?	He was until he was injured. He took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior. That's pretty impressive.
He was until he was injured. He took so many AP tests in high school that he entered college as a junior. That's pretty impressive.	Yeah, that is impressive, to my understanding, it seems like education comes second to sports for these great athletes, but not the case for Alex Smith and also for Baker Mayfield. He's also a great competitive gamer, claiming he can beat anyone in Halo.
Yeah, that is impressive, to my understanding, it seems like education comes second to sports for these great athletes, but not the case for Alex Smith and also for Baker Mayfield. He's also a great competitive gamer, claiming he can beat anyone in Halo.	I agree. Smith was already working on his Master's when drafted. I heard that Mayfield considered quitting to become a professional video game competitor.
I agree. Smith was already working on his Master's when drafted. I heard that Mayfield considered quitting to become a professional video game competitor.	Wow, to get his master's! That's almost unheard of for professional athletes! I would like to see if women will ever make it to the NFL since there is no official rule against female players. I wonder how the public would respond to that.
Wow, to get his master's! That's almost unheard of for professional athletes! I would like to see if women will ever make it to the NFL since there is no official rule against female players. I wonder how the public would respond to that.	As much as I'd love to see that I don't know many that would meet the physical requirements going against such large players. I would like to see a female team that's not just exploitation like the lingerie bowl.
As much as I'd love to see that I don't know many that would meet the physical requirements going against such large players. I would like to see a female team that's not just exploitation like the lingerie bowl.	There is such a thing as lingerie bowl? Yeah, the physical requirements are pretty high, even when games average only 11 minutes of live game play, I think football is still a pretty aggressive sport.
There is such a thing as lingerie bowl? Yeah, the physical requirements are pretty high, even when games average only 11 minutes of live game play, I think football is still a pretty aggressive sport.	Yes. They are athletic women for sure but they put them in basically bras and panties. It's always rubbed me the wrong way. I also don't like the sexist way the Saints treat their cheerleaders.
Yes. They are athletic women for sure but they put them in basically bras and panties. It's always rubbed me the wrong way. I also don't like the sexist way the Saints treat their cheerleaders.	Oh I see, wow, that seems pretty sexist to me already! How do the Saints treat their cheerleaders? I hope they don't use tracking chips like they do in players to record the players every move.
Oh I see, wow, that seems pretty sexist to me already! How do the Saints treat their cheerleaders? I hope they don't use tracking chips like they do in players to record the players every move.	No they have a policy where the cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as players. That would be one thing but if the cheerleader is there first and already eating they have to stop and leave if a player enters.
No they have a policy where the cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as players. That would be one thing but if the cheerleader is there first and already eating they have to stop and leave if a player enters.	That's pretty insane! That is a kind of messed up, the cheerleaders are people too! Amazing how the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback to prevent the other team from reading his hand signals. The impact he had even til today!
That's pretty insane! That is a kind of messed up, the cheerleaders are people too! Amazing how the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback to prevent the other team from reading his hand signals. The impact he had even til today!	That is very interesting. You would think that you would be at a disadvantage as a deaf QB. Would you think they would get more sacks? I only ask because I don't know how they would be aware of players coming in from behind them.
That is very interesting. You would think that you would be at a disadvantage as a deaf QB. Would you think they would get more sacks? I only ask because I don't know how they would be aware of players coming in from behind them.	I live with someone who is hearing impaired so I might be able to answer that question, I would think that because hearing aid technology is pretty advanced these days and I'd imagine the deaf quarterback would have hearing aids on probably to prevent that or maybe the coach can intercom them through their headsets to give them a heads up?
I live with someone who is hearing impaired so I might be able to answer that question, I would think that because hearing aid technology is pretty advanced these days and I'd imagine the deaf quarterback would have hearing aids on probably to prevent that or maybe the coach can intercom them through their headsets to give them a heads up?	I see. That explains a lot. Thank you for that. Have you heard of Kellan Moore?
I see. That explains a lot. Thank you for that. Have you heard of Kellan Moore?	I haven't, what is he famous for?
I haven't, what is he famous for?	He's a QB for Dallas. He's the only left handed QB in the NFL.
He's a QB for Dallas. He's the only left handed QB in the NFL.	Oh wow! So does that put the Cowboys at an advantage or disadvantage because of that? I wonder if the plays are adjusted to accommodate that.
Oh wow! So does that put the Cowboys at an advantage or disadvantage because of that? I wonder if the plays are adjusted to accommodate that.	Very good questions. I've never seen a left handed QB so I'm not sure. I would be very curious to see.
Very good questions. I've never seen a left handed QB so I'm not sure. I would be very curious to see.	Yeah! Because I have heard that left handed pitchers in NBL are prized possession, maybe it holds true for quarterbacks or maybe they make more than other NFL players since the average earnings of an engineer is higher than the earnings of an NFL player.
Yeah! Because I have heard that left handed pitchers in NBL are prized possession, maybe it holds true for quarterbacks or maybe they make more than other NFL players since the average earnings of an engineer is higher than the earnings of an NFL player.	Given that information I would be inclined to enter engineering rather than football. It would be much easier on your body.
Given that information I would be inclined to enter engineering rather than football. It would be much easier on your body.	Hello, do you like football. I love it my favorite team is the Steelers.
Hello, do you like football. I love it my favorite team is the Steelers.	Cool, I do too. Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!
Cool, I do too. Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!	No hate from over here. The Patriots are a good team. With a pretty good QB and coach.
No hate from over here. The Patriots are a good team. With a pretty good QB and coach.	Thanks, I think so, too. Love me some Tom Brady!
Thanks, I think so, too. Love me some Tom Brady!	Did you know in high school Bradys team didnt even score a td that year and they never put Tom on the field.
Did you know in high school Bradys team didnt even score a td that year and they never put Tom on the field.	Yeah, I bet that coach regretted that decision for a long time!
Yeah, I bet that coach regretted that decision for a long time!	I bet he did. Did you also know that a B actually created the huddle in football.
I bet he did. Did you also know that a B actually created the huddle in football.	No, I didn't know that, I thought it was a deaf quarterback that didn't want the other team to see his hand signals.
No, I didn't know that, I thought it was a deaf quarterback that didn't want the other team to see his hand signals.	I dont know what happened there. I meant to say that it was deaf QB Paul D Hubbard who invented the huddle.
I dont know what happened there. I meant to say that it was deaf QB Paul D Hubbard who invented the huddle.	Ok, I understand, that happens, sometimes! Your team the Steelers has a pretty good quarterback in Big Ben.
Ok, I understand, that happens, sometimes! Your team the Steelers has a pretty good quarterback in Big Ben.	Yeah he is pretty good. He is getting up there in years like brady is though.
Yeah he is pretty good. He is getting up there in years like brady is though.	Yeah, they both are getting old, for sure. Do you know how many left handed quarterbacks there are in the NFL?
Yeah, they both are getting old, for sure. Do you know how many left handed quarterbacks there are in the NFL?	Ithink there is only one. If im not mistaken.
Ithink there is only one. If im not mistaken.	Yeah, just Kellan Moore, but I would have thought there would be more than that. I'm left handed myself and I think it would be some sort of advantage, maybe?
Yeah, just Kellan Moore, but I would have thought there would be more than that. I'm left handed myself and I think it would be some sort of advantage, maybe?	You would think so. Were you aware that the NFL has no rule against female players?
You would think so. Were you aware that the NFL has no rule against female players?	Yes, I had read that somewhere, before. Looks like there would at least be a kicker playing, by now, it's 2019!
Yes, I had read that somewhere, before. Looks like there would at least be a kicker playing, by now, it's 2019!	Well when you see how the NFL treats its cheerleaders, its no wonder why no women are playing.
Well when you see how the NFL treats its cheerleaders, its no wonder why no women are playing.	That's true, I hear the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders, have it pretty bad.
That's true, I hear the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders, have it pretty bad.	Yeah, they are required to leave a restaurant if a player comes in. Why isnt it the other way around?
Yeah, they are required to leave a restaurant if a player comes in. Why isnt it the other way around?	It makes you wonder what happened that initially prompted that rule to be instituted?
It makes you wonder what happened that initially prompted that rule to be instituted?	it was something. I just dont see why the cheerleaders have to be the ones to suffer.
it was something. I just dont see why the cheerleaders have to be the ones to suffer.	Those evil women! it's always the women who have to suffer.
Those evil women! it's always the women who have to suffer.	An NFL game only has about 11 min worth of live game play. Do you think they should do something to cut down on the time it takes to play a game.
An NFL game only has about 11 min worth of live game play. Do you think they should do something to cut down on the time it takes to play a game.	Yes, I get mad when I keep hearing that stat. That last Superbowl was over three hours, with all sorts of non needed crap. Just play ball, people!
Yes, I get mad when I keep hearing that stat. That last Superbowl was over three hours, with all sorts of non needed crap. Just play ball, people!	I think a lot of it is the revenue from all the ads. I'm gonna have to be getting ready for work here soon. Nice chatting with you.
I think a lot of it is the revenue from all the ads. I'm gonna have to be getting ready for work here soon. Nice chatting with you.	Same here! Nice chatting with you, as well. Hope you enjoy your Friday!
Same here! Nice chatting with you, as well. Hope you enjoy your Friday!	Hi. I was wondering if you like Football at all.
Hi. I was wondering if you like Football at all.	I do, what about you? I wonder how Saquon Barkley would have done with the Browns
I do, what about you? I wonder how Saquon Barkley would have done with the Browns	I love football and I do watch it all the time when the season starts. Saquon Barkley would of done some special things for the Browns if they drafted him. He is a phenomenal running back. I read somewhere that he had 51 touchdowns at Penn State the past 3 seasons.
I love football and I do watch it all the time when the season starts. Saquon Barkley would of done some special things for the Browns if they drafted him. He is a phenomenal running back. I read somewhere that he had 51 touchdowns at Penn State the past 3 seasons.	He is amazing, he also had over 5000 yards from scrimmage. Who is your favorite team?
He is amazing, he also had over 5000 yards from scrimmage. Who is your favorite team?	Wow I didn't know this about Saquon Barkley, he is a special player. My favorite team is the New England Patriots. What is your favorite football team?
Wow I didn't know this about Saquon Barkley, he is a special player. My favorite team is the New England Patriots. What is your favorite football team?	I don't really have a favorite team, I just like the NFL in general. Do you play fantasy football at all?
I don't really have a favorite team, I just like the NFL in general. Do you play fantasy football at all?	I don't play fantasy football at all. Did you know that the average NFL game has just 11 minutes of gameplay?
I don't play fantasy football at all. Did you know that the average NFL game has just 11 minutes of gameplay?	I would have never have guessed that. Brad Johnson is the on ly QB in history throw a TD pass to himself, but I think Mariota did that this year too though right?
I would have never have guessed that. Brad Johnson is the on ly QB in history throw a TD pass to himself, but I think Mariota did that this year too though right?	I think you're correct. Did you know that Alex Smith received his Bachelor's Degree in just a couple of years?
I think you're correct. Did you know that Alex Smith received his Bachelor's Degree in just a couple of years?	I did not know that, I've done this HIT so many times though I can tell you he took so many AP tests in high school he was a junior when he got to college.
I did not know that, I've done this HIT so many times though I can tell you he took so many AP tests in high school he was a junior when he got to college.	That is amazing. Do you know in what year did Alex Smith became the first overall pick in the NFL draft?
That is amazing. Do you know in what year did Alex Smith became the first overall pick in the NFL draft?	It was 2005, he's had a good career but the 49ers should have probably of drafted Aaron Rodgers.
It was 2005, he's had a good career but the 49ers should have probably of drafted Aaron Rodgers.	I agree Aaron Rogers is one the best quarterbacks in the league right now.
I agree Aaron Rogers is one the best quarterbacks in the league right now.	For sure, he might be on the decline though I would suspect. After that collar bone injury I wonder if he can get back to where he was, it'd be difficult.
For sure, he might be on the decline though I would suspect. After that collar bone injury I wonder if he can get back to where he was, it'd be difficult.	Oh! I felt very bad for him that injury was nasty. I hope and pray that he recovers and be able to play at the level we both know that he is capable.Do you know by any chance who did Barkley was rooting for when he was growing up?
Oh! I felt very bad for him that injury was nasty. I hope and pray that he recovers and be able to play at the level we both know that he is capable.Do you know by any chance who did Barkley was rooting for when he was growing up?	Yah, he is one of the greatest, unfortunate about his injury. I'm sure he can bounce back. DeShone Kizer is going to be great too, I can just feel it. I did not know who he was rooting for, who is that?
Yah, he is one of the greatest, unfortunate about his injury. I'm sure he can bounce back. DeShone Kizer is going to be great too, I can just feel it. I did not know who he was rooting for, who is that?	Saquon Barkley was rooting for the Jets when he was growing up. Kizer is another great quarterback and he will get better in time.I agree with you.
Saquon Barkley was rooting for the Jets when he was growing up. Kizer is another great quarterback and he will get better in time.I agree with you.	I liked the Jets a lot when I was younger too. Except I'm about 10 years older than Saquon so he had them when they were decent, the Sanchez years. Kizer got fed to the wolves when he was in Cleveland.
I liked the Jets a lot when I was younger too. Except I'm about 10 years older than Saquon so he had them when they were decent, the Sanchez years. Kizer got fed to the wolves when he was in Cleveland.	I agree Kizer didn't really have anyone to throw to in Cleveland. I don't think that Cleveland has good receivers right now.
I agree Kizer didn't really have anyone to throw to in Cleveland. I don't think that Cleveland has good receivers right now.	For sure, he had terrible blocking and no offense or defense to back him up at all. Would have been a nightmare, even for Tom Brady.
For sure, he had terrible blocking and no offense or defense to back him up at all. Would have been a nightmare, even for Tom Brady.	I agree. Well it was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a nice evening!!! Bye
I agree. Well it was very nice chatting with you today. I hope you have a nice evening!!! Bye	It was great chatting with you too, hope you have a great rest of the evening.
It was great chatting with you too, hope you have a great rest of the evening.	Good Evening! Do you like soccer?
Good Evening! Do you like soccer?	I really don't get into it. I respect the sport. I do know that the U.S. got 3rd place in the st FIFA World Cup in 1930.
I really don't get into it. I respect the sport. I do know that the U.S. got 3rd place in the st FIFA World Cup in 1930.	It was all downhill from there I guess, for the men that is. The US Women have never placed below 3rd since the first cup in 1991.
It was all downhill from there I guess, for the men that is. The US Women have never placed below 3rd since the first cup in 1991.	I think American Football and baseball had a lot to do with that. Hungary did pretty good in the 50's with only one defeat between 1950 and 1956.
I think American Football and baseball had a lot to do with that. Hungary did pretty good in the 50's with only one defeat between 1950 and 1956.	That is pretty great. The cup has been going for a long time, only pausing for WW2
That is pretty great. The cup has been going for a long time, only pausing for WW2	Yep. Do you watch much TV? There are plenty of choices if you're into Pokemon. There are 750+ episodes.
Yep. Do you watch much TV? There are plenty of choices if you're into Pokemon. There are 750+ episodes.	That is a lot of episodes. The TV pokemon craze missed me, I was a bit too old for it when it came out first on TV.
That is a lot of episodes. The TV pokemon craze missed me, I was a bit too old for it when it came out first on TV.	Yeah, only kids were into that in my case too. I wonder why the 70's Show didn't make it in the UK? It only lasted 10 episodes.
Yeah, only kids were into that in my case too. I wonder why the 70's Show didn't make it in the UK? It only lasted 10 episodes.	I think it was the fact they tried to remake it verbatim, some of the humor probably didnt translate totally.
I think it was the fact they tried to remake it verbatim, some of the humor probably didnt translate totally.	Makes sense... Maybe the Simpsons works there? There is only one Simpsons episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears? It's OK with me because I like Homer the best.
Makes sense... Maybe the Simpsons works there? There is only one Simpsons episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears? It's OK with me because I like Homer the best.	Ahh Homer. I heard he had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.
Ahh Homer. I heard he had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes.	He seems to be a hard workin' man... Do you watch the NFL? According to the stats, there is actually only 11 minutes of actual playtime in an average NFL game. It takes 3+ hours for that?
He seems to be a hard workin' man... Do you watch the NFL? According to the stats, there is actually only 11 minutes of actual playtime in an average NFL game. It takes 3+ hours for that?	I know, and that isnt even a consecutive 11 minutes. Maybe females in the league would change that up.
I know, and that isnt even a consecutive 11 minutes. Maybe females in the league would change that up.	I played in HS, it seemed longer than that. Yeah, maybe, the NFL has no written rule for women to play. Why not?
I played in HS, it seemed longer than that. Yeah, maybe, the NFL has no written rule for women to play. Why not?	Maybe it is how the Saints' treat their cheerleaders? Or getting crushed by a 300 pound linebacker. Both sound like good deterrents to me.
Maybe it is how the Saints' treat their cheerleaders? Or getting crushed by a 300 pound linebacker. Both sound like good deterrents to me.	Yeah. I think it would start with kicking. As for the Saints, I wonder if they really keep that rule to remain separate?
Yeah. I think it would start with kicking. As for the Saints, I wonder if they really keep that rule to remain separate?	It just sounds a bit ridiculous, these are grown adults we are talking about here.
It just sounds a bit ridiculous, these are grown adults we are talking about here.	Yeah, I can't even see a HS doing that. I guess they are putting tracking chips in shoulder pads. Do they use them to track the team and cheerleaders too?
Yeah, I can't even see a HS doing that. I guess they are putting tracking chips in shoulder pads. Do they use them to track the team and cheerleaders too?	That would be great, I see the makings of a reality show. Quick! We should sell the idea, then we could become rich!
That would be great, I see the makings of a reality show. Quick! We should sell the idea, then we could become rich!	Let's do it! There may be more money being an engineer. In an average lifetime of earnings, they make more that an average NFL or MLB player.
Let's do it! There may be more money being an engineer. In an average lifetime of earnings, they make more that an average NFL or MLB player.	Plus the wear on your body is usually a little less rough.
Plus the wear on your body is usually a little less rough.	Yeah, but all the math! It would be better money than hosting the Olympics or World Cup.
Yeah, but all the math! It would be better money than hosting the Olympics or World Cup.	Usually they dont even turn a profit, sad.
Usually they dont even turn a profit, sad.	I guess the surrounding business may do pretty good. Surely they get paid for their expenses.
I guess the surrounding business may do pretty good. Surely they get paid for their expenses.	Individual business probably profit, but the country as a whole not so much. I mean who has use for several massive stadiums and extra housing?
Individual business probably profit, but the country as a whole not so much. I mean who has use for several massive stadiums and extra housing?	I was in ATL during the Olympics and the Olympic village was Georgia Tech, my alma mater. They made out pretty well on new dorms and stuff like the swimming pool.
I was in ATL during the Olympics and the Olympic village was Georgia Tech, my alma mater. They made out pretty well on new dorms and stuff like the swimming pool.	That would be pretty cool, and a good use. Or they could start to solve the homeless problem.
That would be pretty cool, and a good use. Or they could start to solve the homeless problem.	On the contrary, they wiped out the bad north side from the campus and put in Georgia State dorms. Homeless habitat was removed.
On the contrary, they wiped out the bad north side from the campus and put in Georgia State dorms. Homeless habitat was removed.	Ahh. It has been a wonderful chat, but I must go. Have a great night!
Ahh. It has been a wonderful chat, but I must go. Have a great night!	Thanks for the chat. You too.
Thanks for the chat. You too.	Bye!
Bye!	Do you remember where the 2018 Olympics took place?
Do you remember where the 2018 Olympics took place?	I do, it was held in PyeongChang. I believe that is in China.
I do, it was held in PyeongChang. I believe that is in China.	I really liked sliding sports in the winter games. Do you know what any of them are called?
I really liked sliding sports in the winter games. Do you know what any of them are called?	Yes, the luge, skeleton, and bobsled. Bobsled is my favorite. Did you know that the bobsled weighs as much as 463 pounds?
Yes, the luge, skeleton, and bobsled. Bobsled is my favorite. Did you know that the bobsled weighs as much as 463 pounds?	Wow! I would not want to be hit by that much traveling at high speeds? Do you know how fast a bobsled can go?
Wow! I would not want to be hit by that much traveling at high speeds? Do you know how fast a bobsled can go?	I think the top bobsled teams can reach 80 mph or so. If I tried, I would probably go about 20 mph, assuming I didn't crash.
I think the top bobsled teams can reach 80 mph or so. If I tried, I would probably go about 20 mph, assuming I didn't crash.	That would be quite sad. Do you know the name of the venue they used in PyeongChang?
That would be quite sad. Do you know the name of the venue they used in PyeongChang?	That is a good question. I believe it is called the Alpensia Sliding Centre, but am not sure.
That is a good question. I believe it is called the Alpensia Sliding Centre, but am not sure.	OK. Thanks. I was reading about Elena Meyers Taylor. I think she won a medal in 2010, but don't remember which one.
OK. Thanks. I was reading about Elena Meyers Taylor. I think she won a medal in 2010, but don't remember which one.	I am not familiar with her. I am familiar with the NFL though. Are you going to watch the Super Bowl this Sunday? It is normally held on the first Sunday of February.
I am not familiar with her. I am familiar with the NFL though. Are you going to watch the Super Bowl this Sunday? It is normally held on the first Sunday of February.	Yes. How many teams are in the National Football League?
Yes. How many teams are in the National Football League?	32 teams, equally divided between the NFC and the AFC. My favorite team is the Ravens. Do you have a favorite team?
32 teams, equally divided between the NFC and the AFC. My favorite team is the Ravens. Do you have a favorite team?	I like the New Orleans Saints. Did you know they do not allow their cheerleaders to eat in the same place as any NFL player!
I like the New Orleans Saints. Did you know they do not allow their cheerleaders to eat in the same place as any NFL player!	I heard that before. Even if the cheerleaders are already in a restaurant, if a player arrives they have to leave.
I heard that before. Even if the cheerleaders are already in a restaurant, if a player arrives they have to leave.	I wonder if that would happen with a female player? I guess such a thing would be possible.
I wonder if that would happen with a female player? I guess such a thing would be possible.	I don't believe there is any rule preventing a female player from playing in the NFL, but it would be hard to imagine.
I don't believe there is any rule preventing a female player from playing in the NFL, but it would be hard to imagine.	Perhaps a kicker or punter. Still, they might be better off not trying, since an engineer earns more than an NFL player over their career.
Perhaps a kicker or punter. Still, they might be better off not trying, since an engineer earns more than an NFL player over their career.	Yes, their earning power lasts over many more years. A typical NFL player only plays in the league a few years. And the average NF game only has about 11 minutes of actual game play.
Yes, their earning power lasts over many more years. A typical NFL player only plays in the league a few years. And the average NF game only has about 11 minutes of actual game play.	Let's see, an NFL season is 16 weeks, with 11 minutes per game meaning there is only three hours action in a season!
Let's see, an NFL season is 16 weeks, with 11 minutes per game meaning there is only three hours action in a season!	Crazy isn't it! Well, it's been nice chatting with you.
Crazy isn't it! Well, it's been nice chatting with you.	You too. I'm going to go watch some television. Maybe some of the 750 episodes of Pokemon.
You too. I'm going to go watch some television. Maybe some of the 750 episodes of Pokemon.	Did you watch the winter Olympics
Did you watch the winter Olympics	Some of it. Did you know that there are no economic gains for countries that have hosted the Olympics or World Cup?
Some of it. Did you know that there are no economic gains for countries that have hosted the Olympics or World Cup?	Yes, Thats why its crazy some countries take on hosting the games. The city in Qatar isnt even built yet!
Yes, Thats why its crazy some countries take on hosting the games. The city in Qatar isnt even built yet!	Yeah the city to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Crazy!
Yeah the city to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Crazy!	I do enjoy watching the games. I wish USA Mens were a little better
I do enjoy watching the games. I wish USA Mens were a little better	The Hungary soccer team only had 1 loss between 1950 and 1956, which happened to be the World Cup final. Pretty impressive.
The Hungary soccer team only had 1 loss between 1950 and 1956, which happened to be the World Cup final. Pretty impressive.	That is! I think Womens USA team is very impressive too. They have never placed below 3rd
That is! I think Womens USA team is very impressive too. They have never placed below 3rd	Do you watch American football? The NFL has no written rule against female players. If a woman met the eligibility requirements, she could play.
Do you watch American football? The NFL has no written rule against female players. If a woman met the eligibility requirements, she could play.	There was a girl who recently got a scholarship. I hope she can play without getting hurt!
There was a girl who recently got a scholarship. I hope she can play without getting hurt!	Me too. With there now being female refs in the NFL, I see a woman eventually playing. I just learned there are actually on average only 11 minutes of gameplay in a typical NFL game.
Me too. With there now being female refs in the NFL, I see a woman eventually playing. I just learned there are actually on average only 11 minutes of gameplay in a typical NFL game.	Its sad how far some things have come. But others not so much. Saints players and cheerleaders cant eat at the same place
Its sad how far some things have come. But others not so much. Saints players and cheerleaders cant eat at the same place	I know! If a cheerleader is at a restaurant and eating, she has to leave if a player comes into the restaurant.
I know! If a cheerleader is at a restaurant and eating, she has to leave if a player comes into the restaurant.	They need to give the cheerleaders the tracking chips so they can figure out where they can and cannot go
They need to give the cheerleaders the tracking chips so they can figure out where they can and cannot go	haha good point. There a tracking chips in the actual football too. It can track the velocity, rotation, speed, and location. Pretty wild.
haha good point. There a tracking chips in the actual football too. It can track the velocity, rotation, speed, and location. Pretty wild.	The US went 46 years without a bobsled medal how crazy
The US went 46 years without a bobsled medal how crazy	That is crazy. I wonder if Jamaica ever did win. Apparently the movie isn't at all accurate.
That is crazy. I wonder if Jamaica ever did win. Apparently the movie isn't at all accurate.	That makes me sad. I like that movie.
That makes me sad. I like that movie.	Me too! I was very disappointed to learn that bobsledders don't practice in the bathtub!
Me too! I was very disappointed to learn that bobsledders don't practice in the bathtub!	And its almost impossible to carry a bobsled to the finish
And its almost impossible to carry a bobsled to the finish	That I do believe. Do you watch the Simpsons? There's 1 episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears at all.
That I do believe. Do you watch the Simpsons? There's 1 episode where Bart isn't mentioned or appears at all.	Ill have to try and find that episode. It was nice chatting with oyu!
Ill have to try and find that episode. It was nice chatting with oyu!	Do you like watching sports?
Do you like watching sports?	don't have a lot of time to do that... sometimes...
don't have a lot of time to do that... sometimes...	What about television in general?
What about television in general?	Tv shows and movies sometimes...
Tv shows and movies sometimes...	Sometimes I watch the Simpsons. There's only one episode where Bart does not appear and isn't mentioned.
Sometimes I watch the Simpsons. There's only one episode where Bart does not appear and isn't mentioned.	wow :) they did alright without Bart ? I love cartoons like that - where they show cool satire on current events ;)
wow :) they did alright without Bart ? I love cartoons like that - where they show cool satire on current events ;)	Yeah, I never got into anime cartoons though. There were 750 episodes of Pokemon made so I know they were highly popular.
Yeah, I never got into anime cartoons though. There were 750 episodes of Pokemon made so I know they were highly popular.	Yeah... I mean my friends were always watching that... I could never convince myself to start... the drawing looked like manga and the only manga cartoon I watched was about soccer and it was called "captain Tsubasa" ;)
Yeah... I mean my friends were always watching that... I could never convince myself to start... the drawing looked like manga and the only manga cartoon I watched was about soccer and it was called "captain Tsubasa" ;)	Did you ever watch that 70s show?
Did you ever watch that 70s show?	Maybe an episode or two :) Not a fan of Ashton Kutcher
Maybe an episode or two :) Not a fan of Ashton Kutcher	Apparently it was so popular that they made it verbatim in the UK. But it didn't work out as it was cancelled after ten episodes.
Apparently it was so popular that they made it verbatim in the UK. But it didn't work out as it was cancelled after ten episodes.	Did they air our American show or make their own ?
Did they air our American show or make their own ?	They remade it word for word.
They remade it word for word.	word for word in actual english ? Maybe with their accent it's not so funny :)
word for word in actual english ? Maybe with their accent it's not so funny :)	Yeah, that could have been it. Sometimes I try to watch NFL games but I find them boring. Maybe it's because there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
Yeah, that could have been it. Sometimes I try to watch NFL games but I find them boring. Maybe it's because there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.	Yeah, I mean the game is being interrupted every couple of seconds... I can't watch that ;) my blood is boiling when I do :) lol
Yeah, I mean the game is being interrupted every couple of seconds... I can't watch that ;) my blood is boiling when I do :) lol	Yes, that is true. Our society takes football so seriously that tracking chips are embedded in shoulder pads and in footballs.
Yes, that is true. Our society takes football so seriously that tracking chips are embedded in shoulder pads and in footballs.	I heard about that... is that really helping in... yeah, in what exactly ? :)
I heard about that... is that really helping in... yeah, in what exactly ? :)	I'm not sure if it's for data purposes or if it helps make sure everything is fair.
I'm not sure if it's for data purposes or if it helps make sure everything is fair.	Not sure either... so what do You think about female players join the game ? ;)
Not sure either... so what do You think about female players join the game ? ;)	I think it would be great if they could meet eligibility requirements.
I think it would be great if they could meet eligibility requirements.	hey my friend did you know that the guest house is actually bigger than the entire white house?
hey my friend did you know that the guest house is actually bigger than the entire white house?	I did. that is pretty amazing. I recently learned that the president of indonesia released pop albums!
I did. that is pretty amazing. I recently learned that the president of indonesia released pop albums!	yup he made 3 in fact, would you listen to one if Trump made some pop albums?
yup he made 3 in fact, would you listen to one if Trump made some pop albums?	Oh wow, no thank you lol but thats different, Trump has never shown any musical talent, so I am scared for my ears lol
Oh wow, no thank you lol but thats different, Trump has never shown any musical talent, so I am scared for my ears lol	haha that is true, I think we know he'd say his record sales were YUGE though haha
haha that is true, I think we know he'd say his record sales were YUGE though haha	haha. Do you like dogs? dogs have different blood types!
haha. Do you like dogs? dogs have different blood types!	yes I love dogs! They actually have dog blood drives which is amazing!
yes I love dogs! They actually have dog blood drives which is amazing!	I know right! Dogs are so helpful!
I know right! Dogs are so helpful!	they are! Its crazy that theyre related to wolves when their tempermant is so different!
they are! Its crazy that theyre related to wolves when their tempermant is so different!	Google prefers dogs over cats. Do you have any dogs?
Google prefers dogs over cats. Do you have any dogs?	we used too but shes gone unfortuantely, nice to know that dogs and elephants both can understand pointing
we used too but shes gone unfortuantely, nice to know that dogs and elephants both can understand pointing	Oh im so sorry. My dog passed away too about 5 years ago, we recently rescued one from a kill shelter months ago. Its hard when your dog passes. Yes, i wish my dog understood pointing, she just comes to me lol
Oh im so sorry. My dog passed away too about 5 years ago, we recently rescued one from a kill shelter months ago. Its hard when your dog passes. Yes, i wish my dog understood pointing, she just comes to me lol	ya thats very sad, but at least she would come to you haha, also nice that dogs aren't colorblind, that makes me happy they can see colors :)
ya thats very sad, but at least she would come to you haha, also nice that dogs aren't colorblind, that makes me happy they can see colors :)	Yeah I always thought they were.
Yeah I always thought they were.	do you like the radio or listen to it at all?
do you like the radio or listen to it at all?	sometimes, I usually listen to pandora or audio books. do you?
sometimes, I usually listen to pandora or audio books. do you?	I have listened to audiobooks, and I dont really listen to the radio myself, I guess you can make a foxhole radio, have you heard of that
I have listened to audiobooks, and I dont really listen to the radio myself, I guess you can make a foxhole radio, have you heard of that	I have heard of it, but I would never attempt it, I dont even really understand how a radio works lol
I have heard of it, but I would never attempt it, I dont even really understand how a radio works lol	ya they used like a razor and a pencil, no idea how that works haha
ya they used like a razor and a pencil, no idea how that works haha	Yeah thats even worse, I dont think I could figure that out lol
Yeah thats even worse, I dont think I could figure that out lol	nope, id be more likely to listen to a jupiter radio storm than to listen to my own foxhole radio haha
nope, id be more likely to listen to a jupiter radio storm than to listen to my own foxhole radio haha	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	hi I'm good, did you know that trump is not one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents? I would have thought he was
hi I'm good, did you know that trump is not one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents? I would have thought he was	Me too. But maybe inflation got him. Who are the 3 wealthiest?
Me too. But maybe inflation got him. Who are the 3 wealthiest?	haha thats also what I was thinking, this says its jfk, washington, and jefferson, I wonder how much they had taking inflation into account
haha thats also what I was thinking, this says its jfk, washington, and jefferson, I wonder how much they had taking inflation into account	That would be interesting to know. What would their wealth be equivalent to in today's dollars?
That would be interesting to know. What would their wealth be equivalent to in today's dollars?	Ya this doesn't say, it does say that the presiden'ts guest house is larger than the white house, which is crazy haha
Ya this doesn't say, it does say that the presiden'ts guest house is larger than the white house, which is crazy haha	That's gotta rub Trump the wrong way.
That's gotta rub Trump the wrong way.	haha I could see that, I do think itd be interesting if trump released a pop album like the president of indonesia apparently did
haha I could see that, I do think itd be interesting if trump released a pop album like the president of indonesia apparently did	It would be terrible! I would listen to it though!
It would be terrible! I would listen to it though!	haha it would be like a train wreck, it'd be horrible but you couldn't not pay attention to it
haha it would be like a train wreck, it'd be horrible but you couldn't not pay attention to it	He would be so mad too if it failed.
He would be so mad too if it failed.	haha I could see that, I also see that dogs are not actually color blind, they just can't see as many colors as humans, which is a good fact I didn't know
haha I could see that, I also see that dogs are not actually color blind, they just can't see as many colors as humans, which is a good fact I didn't know	There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives. I would be so sappy at a dog bood drive. Look at the cute babies helping each other!!!!
There are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives. I would be so sappy at a dog bood drive. Look at the cute babies helping each other!!!!	oh wow I never thought of dog blood drives, I wonder do owners take their dogs there? Theres no way for dogs to give consent to do that
oh wow I never thought of dog blood drives, I wonder do owners take their dogs there? Theres no way for dogs to give consent to do that	I would think so. I never thought about consent for a doggie blood drive. Interesting topic. Especially if you think animals have rights, which I do.
I would think so. I never thought about consent for a doggie blood drive. Interesting topic. Especially if you think animals have rights, which I do.	yup I agree, I wouldn't want to be forced to give my blood, so I don't think a dog should be forced either
yup I agree, I wouldn't want to be forced to give my blood, so I don't think a dog should be forced either	I always get a little proud when I see service dogs. To give your life to serve someone unconditionally is really altruistic and they're just happy being dogs...
I always get a little proud when I see service dogs. To give your life to serve someone unconditionally is really altruistic and they're just happy being dogs...	ya I agree, its amazing that service dogs can do such a good job given that they're animals
ya I agree, its amazing that service dogs can do such a good job given that they're animals	Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. I tend to think AOL was a cat company...
Google prefers dogs to cats. their code of conduct specifically states that they are a dog company. I tend to think AOL was a cat company...	oh wow interesting, I am a dog person, I really like how they actually care and will come cuddle with you, unlike cats which I've always seen to just do their own thing
oh wow interesting, I am a dog person, I really like how they actually care and will come cuddle with you, unlike cats which I've always seen to just do their own thing	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	There seems to be a lot of chatter about Trump being hostile to black female journalists huh?
There seems to be a lot of chatter about Trump being hostile to black female journalists huh?	I don't really know a lot about it. what exactly has happened
I don't really know a lot about it. what exactly has happened	He has been attacking all journalists that report nothing but negative things about him. But now the news is trying to make a racial thing.
He has been attacking all journalists that report nothing but negative things about him. But now the news is trying to make a racial thing.	I don't know anything abouot this exact incident but sometimes the media likes to over dramatize things
I don't know anything abouot this exact incident but sometimes the media likes to over dramatize things	Ronald Reagan used to use the term "welfare queen" referring to poor black mothers. They are trying to compare it trumps hatred of main stream media.
Ronald Reagan used to use the term "welfare queen" referring to poor black mothers. They are trying to compare it trumps hatred of main stream media.	I know he does get mad at the media but they are always attacking him so that is probably the reason. It would be hard for anyone to have people talking negatively towards you oftn
I know he does get mad at the media but they are always attacking him so that is probably the reason. It would be hard for anyone to have people talking negatively towards you oftn	I agree, At his rallies, he regularly calls Maxine Waters a member of the Congressional Black Caucus "low-IQ." That is not a racial statement I believe.
I agree, At his rallies, he regularly calls Maxine Waters a member of the Congressional Black Caucus "low-IQ." That is not a racial statement I believe.	yes, I sometimes wonder what is actually true and what they are just picking on
yes, I sometimes wonder what is actually true and what they are just picking on	His attacks are often delivered personally as he talks over his opponent. Sometimes you have to get aggressive if everyone is attacking you know?
His attacks are often delivered personally as he talks over his opponent. Sometimes you have to get aggressive if everyone is attacking you know?	I agree. He is just someone who says exactly what he thinks. People don't like that
I agree. He is just someone who says exactly what he thinks. People don't like that	You have to give respect to get respect, I think thats all he is asking for.
You have to give respect to get respect, I think thats all he is asking for.	exactly but everyone just gets mad all the time. He was never given an actual chance to accomplish anything. He is a great business man and I think he could do some great things based off of that if evryone will just calm down a bit
exactly but everyone just gets mad all the time. He was never given an actual chance to accomplish anything. He is a great business man and I think he could do some great things based off of that if evryone will just calm down a bit	I agree, I do feel it has got to the point now where Democrats are doing anything they can to shut his attempts down even if it means negatively effects the country.
I agree, I do feel it has got to the point now where Democrats are doing anything they can to shut his attempts down even if it means negatively effects the country.	definetely, I hope our country can at some point work together but that is probaby not going to happen
definetely, I hope our country can at some point work together but that is probaby not going to happen	Did you know the three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson?
Did you know the three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson?	I didnt know that. what about woodrow wilson..he was the only us president to have a phd
I didnt know that. what about woodrow wilson..he was the only us president to have a phd	I do not believe he is even in the top 10, a PHD doesn't automatically mean wealthy
I do not believe he is even in the top 10, a PHD doesn't automatically mean wealthy	right thats true. The last us president to speak a foreign language fluentlly was FDR
right thats true. The last us president to speak a foreign language fluentlly was FDR	That is very interesting, you would think that would be part of the job to at least speak a couple languages. Great chatting with you I must run.
That is very interesting, you would think that would be part of the job to at least speak a couple languages. Great chatting with you I must run.	I agree. have a great day
I agree. have a great day	You too.
You too.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am fine, currently reading about interesting facts about all presidents around the world. Do you know any?
I am fine, currently reading about interesting facts about all presidents around the world. Do you know any?	Yes, Trump is not one of the richest presidents. That honor belongs to JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Yes, Trump is not one of the richest presidents. That honor belongs to JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Wow that is shocking. I wonder how much wealth did the President of Indonesia accumulate by releasing 3 pop albums while in office.
Wow that is shocking. I wonder how much wealth did the President of Indonesia accumulate by releasing 3 pop albums while in office.	Or the president of Zimbabwe.
Or the president of Zimbabwe.	If I was President of the United States & wanted to record music, I would build a personal recording studio in the guest house being that its larger than the White House.
If I was President of the United States & wanted to record music, I would build a personal recording studio in the guest house being that its larger than the White House.	Would you have the loser of the presidential race on the album with you? They used to be the vice president after they lost.
Would you have the loser of the presidential race on the album with you? They used to be the vice president after they lost.	I think not, I rather have my german shepard on the album. Are you a fan of dogs?
I think not, I rather have my german shepard on the album. Are you a fan of dogs?	I am a fan of dogs! Are you?
I am a fan of dogs! Are you?	Yes, interestingly enough so is Google as a company. Their code of conduct states that they are in fact a dog company.
Yes, interestingly enough so is Google as a company. Their code of conduct states that they are in fact a dog company.	I knew I loved them! AOL was probably a cat company and that is why they failed.
I knew I loved them! AOL was probably a cat company and that is why they failed.	As a kid I always thought dogs were color blind because of an episode of the Simpsons. They actually are not color blind but cannot see as many different colors as us.
As a kid I always thought dogs were color blind because of an episode of the Simpsons. They actually are not color blind but cannot see as many different colors as us.	I was shocked to find out they have 12 different blood types. That's a lot!
I was shocked to find out they have 12 different blood types. That's a lot!	Yes, and how cool is it that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives!
Yes, and how cool is it that dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives!	Istanbul has vending machines for strays... that's a good country!
Istanbul has vending machines for strays... that's a good country!	Very admirable that all you need to feed those stray dogs is exchange recyclable plastic bottles.
Very admirable that all you need to feed those stray dogs is exchange recyclable plastic bottles.	You can even point to dogs where it is. They, and elephants, are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing.
You can even point to dogs where it is. They, and elephants, are the only animals that instinctively understand pointing.	Yeah dogs are great & adopted the saying "man's best friend" because of the companionship they offer us when hunting, herding, pulling loads, or just plain ole protection.
Yeah dogs are great & adopted the saying "man's best friend" because of the companionship they offer us when hunting, herding, pulling loads, or just plain ole protection.	They are the first animal to be domesticated. They do a lot of tasks for humans too!
They are the first animal to be domesticated. They do a lot of tasks for humans too!	They are very attuned to our behaviors & even thrive on a starch rich diet, the same cannot be said for other canis species.
They are very attuned to our behaviors & even thrive on a starch rich diet, the same cannot be said for other canis species.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Hi! Are you a sports fan? Football or baseball?
Hi! Are you a sports fan? Football or baseball?	Both. I like basketball too. One of the 30 NBA teams is in Canada, so the players have to pay higher taxes.
Both. I like basketball too. One of the 30 NBA teams is in Canada, so the players have to pay higher taxes.	Funny! Can't escape death and taxes! Reminds me of poor Reggie Miller. He couldn't escape his sister. Once he tried bragging about his 40-point performance only to find out his sister scored 105
Funny! Can't escape death and taxes! Reminds me of poor Reggie Miller. He couldn't escape his sister. Once he tried bragging about his 40-point performance only to find out his sister scored 105	They were both great players. How about Allan Iverson's Reebok contract paying $800,000 per year until he turns 55 then a lump sum of $32 million?
They were both great players. How about Allan Iverson's Reebok contract paying $800,000 per year until he turns 55 then a lump sum of $32 million?	Poor guy! But he will never get to wear Air Jordans again! I remember when AJs were banned from NBA play. Jordan wore them anyways!
Poor guy! But he will never get to wear Air Jordans again! I remember when AJs were banned from NBA play. Jordan wore them anyways!	I heard about that. He was fined every game.
I heard about that. He was fined every game.	Yeah, but when you have confidence, attitude, and Nike to pay your fines, it didn't bother him a bit!
Yeah, but when you have confidence, attitude, and Nike to pay your fines, it didn't bother him a bit!	LOL. I agree. I have a friend who schedules the NBA referees each year. He works at the headquarters on Fifth Avenue in New York.
LOL. I agree. I have a friend who schedules the NBA referees each year. He works at the headquarters on Fifth Avenue in New York.	Nice! I bet he has a few stories to tell! One of my favorite players was Tim Duncan of the Spurs. He stayed in College, sacrificed a few bucks, but earned more respect!
Nice! I bet he has a few stories to tell! One of my favorite players was Tim Duncan of the Spurs. He stayed in College, sacrificed a few bucks, but earned more respect!	What Duncan did is unusual. Have you ever seen anyone shoot "granny style?"
What Duncan did is unusual. Have you ever seen anyone shoot "granny style?"	My father used to do it all the time when we played together. He was unstoppable! I hear that it has been shown by scientists to be more reliable. If only Shaq had learned how to do that, then he would have improved his FT immensely!
My father used to do it all the time when we played together. He was unstoppable! I hear that it has been shown by scientists to be more reliable. If only Shaq had learned how to do that, then he would have improved his FT immensely!	That would have made Shaq more valuable. Coaches had to pull him at the end of games. Did you hear that Iowa has their visitor's locker room painted pink?
That would have made Shaq more valuable. Coaches had to pull him at the end of games. Did you hear that Iowa has their visitor's locker room painted pink?	That is great! I wonder if that has any effect on the other team.
That is great! I wonder if that has any effect on the other team.	They have run studies that prove that weight lifters cannot lift as much in a pink room. I love the yellow line on TV that marks the line to gain for a first down. ESPN won an Emmy for it.
They have run studies that prove that weight lifters cannot lift as much in a pink room. I love the yellow line on TV that marks the line to gain for a first down. ESPN won an Emmy for it.	Where would we be without it? We wouldn't know! Why don't they do that in bowling? Put a few virtual lines down the screen. Then maybe salaries for bowlers would rise to their former glory, when bowlers were paid more than NFL players!
Where would we be without it? We wouldn't know! Why don't they do that in bowling? Put a few virtual lines down the screen. Then maybe salaries for bowlers would rise to their former glory, when bowlers were paid more than NFL players!	That last happened in the 1960's. Football has done great marketing since then. Plus, they have to pay a lot more players.
That last happened in the 1960's. Football has done great marketing since then. Plus, they have to pay a lot more players.	True, and with great performances, like Patriot's Green-Ellis--a running back who never fumbled a single all--it brings more attention ot the game!
True, and with great performances, like Patriot's Green-Ellis--a running back who never fumbled a single all--it brings more attention ot the game!	Turnovers are SO costly, so that is valuable. I bet Georgia Tech did not fumble when beating Cumberland 222-0.
Turnovers are SO costly, so that is valuable. I bet Georgia Tech did not fumble when beating Cumberland 222-0.	You are probably right about that! They dominated! Reminds me of the dominant play of Kareem Abdul-Jabar! He dominated the boards, and was so unbeatable at jamming the dunk, the NCAA tried banning the dunk to make it seem more fair!
You are probably right about that! They dominated! Reminds me of the dominant play of Kareem Abdul-Jabar! He dominated the boards, and was so unbeatable at jamming the dunk, the NCAA tried banning the dunk to make it seem more fair!	My son went to Kansas University. James Naismith invented the game and is the only losing coach they ever had. Kinda sad.
My son went to Kansas University. James Naismith invented the game and is the only losing coach they ever had. Kinda sad.	Well, that is history! It has been nice chatting with you! Bye!
Well, that is history! It has been nice chatting with you! Bye!	Do you think great broadcasters are important to sports games?
Do you think great broadcasters are important to sports games?	I don't know. I guess I don't really care because I don't watch sports haha but I know that a lot of people do think that they are very important. And they can pick them out of a crowd which I can't haha what do you think?
I don't know. I guess I don't really care because I don't watch sports haha but I know that a lot of people do think that they are very important. And they can pick them out of a crowd which I can't haha what do you think?	I don't really watch sports but I guess some people feel it's important. In an article I read they say that broadcasters have been more of loudmouths, kind of drowning out the actual sports.
I don't really watch sports but I guess some people feel it's important. In an article I read they say that broadcasters have been more of loudmouths, kind of drowning out the actual sports.	That makes some sense. I think it depends on the broadcaster though. by the way, do you ever watch basketball on TV?
That makes some sense. I think it depends on the broadcaster though. by the way, do you ever watch basketball on TV?	I don't watch it on tv though I do enjoy the occasional game that I watch in person.
I don't watch it on tv though I do enjoy the occasional game that I watch in person.	Yeah see I like watching stuff on TV myself. It's just too much to get out and go to the actual game. Then if you want a beer or some food it's so expensive. Just not for me haha. Have you ever shot a basketball granny style?
Yeah see I like watching stuff on TV myself. It's just too much to get out and go to the actual game. Then if you want a beer or some food it's so expensive. Just not for me haha. Have you ever shot a basketball granny style?	I have myself! I would love to see the pros do it since it's proven the most effective.
I have myself! I would love to see the pros do it since it's proven the most effective.	Yes scientist say it is actually the most effective way to shoot a basketball. I would just love to see professional players using at myself haha. It would be so funny to watch them do that
Yes scientist say it is actually the most effective way to shoot a basketball. I would just love to see professional players using at myself haha. It would be so funny to watch them do that	I like seeing dunking too. Kareem Abdul Jabbar's dominant use of it got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.
I like seeing dunking too. Kareem Abdul Jabbar's dominant use of it got it banned from college basketball for over a decade.	I think that's awesome! He was just so good at it haha. Did do you know how much Allen Iverson gets from Reebok every year? It's a ton of money
I think that's awesome! He was just so good at it haha. Did do you know how much Allen Iverson gets from Reebok every year? It's a ton of money	He gets $800000 per year and will get a sweet retirement!
He gets $800000 per year and will get a sweet retirement!	Yep you're right. He'll get 32 million dollars when he turns 55. I wish that would happen to me haha. do you like TIM Duncan? He plays for the San Antonio Spurs
Yep you're right. He'll get 32 million dollars when he turns 55. I wish that would happen to me haha. do you like TIM Duncan? He plays for the San Antonio Spurs	Yeah, I like how he had a backup plan. He stayed in college instead of going right to the NBA
Yeah, I like how he had a backup plan. He stayed in college instead of going right to the NBA	Yep he did it right. I think it's good to have a backup plan. What do you know about Reggie Miller btw?
Yep he did it right. I think it's good to have a backup plan. What do you know about Reggie Miller btw?	I don't know much about him. I do know that his sister is a good basketball player as well!
I don't know much about him. I do know that his sister is a good basketball player as well!	Yep you're right! I always wanted to wear a pair of Air Jordans but I never bought them because they're so expensive. Apparently they were banned by the NBA, but Nike just paid the fee so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them haha
Yep you're right! I always wanted to wear a pair of Air Jordans but I never bought them because they're so expensive. Apparently they were banned by the NBA, but Nike just paid the fee so that Michael Jordan could keep wearing them haha	They are really cool. My husband says they are not comfortable, though. It's amazing how much money is spend on sports technology these days.
They are really cool. My husband says they are not comfortable, though. It's amazing how much money is spend on sports technology these days.	Oh wow so they're not comfortable? well I'm glad that I never bought them haha. is your husband a big basketball fan?
Oh wow so they're not comfortable? well I'm glad that I never bought them haha. is your husband a big basketball fan?	No, he's not but he just liked the style, ha. I find it interesting that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed line for football games. Americans really take their sports seriously!
No, he's not but he just liked the style, ha. I find it interesting that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed line for football games. Americans really take their sports seriously!	They sure do! Did you hear about the highest scoring football game ever? 222 to 0. I would cry if I were the losing team LOL
They sure do! Did you hear about the highest scoring football game ever? 222 to 0. I would cry if I were the losing team LOL	It seems like a game I'd be interested to watch!
It seems like a game I'd be interested to watch!	Hello there, are you a fan of the NBA?
Hello there, are you a fan of the NBA?	I watch every now and then. I enjoy college BBall more. Less predictable. It's hard to believe that the NBA was founded in 1946.
I watch every now and then. I enjoy college BBall more. Less predictable. It's hard to believe that the NBA was founded in 1946.	Yeah you're right, way back when in New York City. I wonder what the game was like back then.
Yeah you're right, way back when in New York City. I wonder what the game was like back then.	Everyone made free throws by granny style. Physicists say this is the best way to shoot, and most consistent, but NBA players refuse to do it because they don't like the way it looks. Ego wins again.
Everyone made free throws by granny style. Physicists say this is the best way to shoot, and most consistent, but NBA players refuse to do it because they don't like the way it looks. Ego wins again.	Yeah isn't that crazy. I know there were a few who did and of course they were some of the best in league history. Ric Barry comes to mind, but that's a guess.
Yeah isn't that crazy. I know there were a few who did and of course they were some of the best in league history. Ric Barry comes to mind, but that's a guess.	NBA stars wear funny looking sneakers, and that doesn't seem to bother them. Probably because it comes with a nice paycheck. Air Jordans were banned originally by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway because Nike would pay the fine. Sounds like the NBA had a nice way to pocket some cash off of the deal.
NBA stars wear funny looking sneakers, and that doesn't seem to bother them. Probably because it comes with a nice paycheck. Air Jordans were banned originally by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway because Nike would pay the fine. Sounds like the NBA had a nice way to pocket some cash off of the deal.	Yeah and I'm sure the fine was nothing compared to how much marketing they got. Imagine, a shoe that you can buy and wear that makes you a better player, gives you a proven advantage? To a ton of people, sold.
Yeah and I'm sure the fine was nothing compared to how much marketing they got. Imagine, a shoe that you can buy and wear that makes you a better player, gives you a proven advantage? To a ton of people, sold.	Lots of money in sports marketing. Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok that would pay him $800,000 per year until he reached 55, and then he would get a lump sum of $32 mil. Another sale
Lots of money in sports marketing. Iverson signed a lifetime endorsement deal with Reebok that would pay him $800,000 per year until he reached 55, and then he would get a lump sum of $32 mil. Another sale	Yeah imagine how Reebok feels about that now, I don't think Iverson shoes sell much anymore, I think they thought they were signing a new Jordan.
Yeah imagine how Reebok feels about that now, I don't think Iverson shoes sell much anymore, I think they thought they were signing a new Jordan.	Where has integrity in the game gone? Remember old Tim Duncan of the Spurs? He stayed in college all four years and sacrificed money instead of jumping straight to the pros. Contrast that with LeBron...
Where has integrity in the game gone? Remember old Tim Duncan of the Spurs? He stayed in college all four years and sacrificed money instead of jumping straight to the pros. Contrast that with LeBron...	Yeah I know there are rules now. I like Ethan Happ from the badgers this season, decided to stay his full time at school, and now he's one of the best players in college and is helping his team immensely.
Yeah I know there are rules now. I like Ethan Happ from the badgers this season, decided to stay his full time at school, and now he's one of the best players in college and is helping his team immensely.	Character is worth the wait, and sports have changed a lot over the years. Did you know that in the 1960, the top bowlers were paid more than the best NFL players? I don't ever remember seeing a $32 mil bowling shoe endorsement deal...
Character is worth the wait, and sports have changed a lot over the years. Did you know that in the 1960, the top bowlers were paid more than the best NFL players? I don't ever remember seeing a $32 mil bowling shoe endorsement deal...	I think that is so wild, I guess the job was to be a bowler back in the 60's, making all the money.
I think that is so wild, I guess the job was to be a bowler back in the 60's, making all the money.	That was quite a while ago, long before ESPN earned an Emmy for projecting a virtual yellow line on the TV screen to make the first down marker. How did we ever survive without it?
That was quite a while ago, long before ESPN earned an Emmy for projecting a virtual yellow line on the TV screen to make the first down marker. How did we ever survive without it?	Yeah now that you mention that I am trying to think of watching a game before they did it, I don't think I can though.
Yeah now that you mention that I am trying to think of watching a game before they did it, I don't think I can though.	Imagine trying to keep track of the first down marker location during that 222-0 blowout where Feorgia Tech annihilated Cumberland. The sideline judges must have been winded all day long!
Imagine trying to keep track of the first down marker location during that 222-0 blowout where Feorgia Tech annihilated Cumberland. The sideline judges must have been winded all day long!	They probably wouldn't even need it. They probably scored a touchdown on each play.
They probably wouldn't even need it. They probably scored a touchdown on each play.	I wonder if they have that yellow line in other forms of football, like Rugby, Australian football, or Gaelic Football?
I wonder if they have that yellow line in other forms of football, like Rugby, Australian football, or Gaelic Football?	Yeah I'm not sure that is a really good question though.
Yeah I'm not sure that is a really good question though.	Have you ever watched Canadian Football? Some of the greats of the NFL actually got their start there, like Jim Kelley of the Bills.
Have you ever watched Canadian Football? Some of the greats of the NFL actually got their start there, like Jim Kelley of the Bills.	Yeah the Jim Kelley story is really awesome, but no I don't watch too much of that. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night.
Yeah the Jim Kelley story is really awesome, but no I don't watch too much of that. Well it was nice talking with you, I hope you have a good night.	Hi Do you like basketball?
Hi Do you like basketball?	I love basketball. My favorite player all time is Cheryl miller.
I love basketball. My favorite player all time is Cheryl miller.	Nice! I remember her! Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
Nice! I remember her! Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?	Yeah he got the dunk banned in college basketball
Yeah he got the dunk banned in college basketball	Yes! He was also famous for his hook shot! Do you know who James Naismith is?
Yes! He was also famous for his hook shot! Do you know who James Naismith is?	Yeah he is the inventer of basket. I read a book about him once.
Yeah he is the inventer of basket. I read a book about him once.	Nice! He was also the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.
Nice! He was also the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history.	Thats pretty crazy if you think about it. Did you know that Cheryl miller scored 105 points in a game once.
Thats pretty crazy if you think about it. Did you know that Cheryl miller scored 105 points in a game once.	Holy smokes! I didn't know that! In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.
Holy smokes! I didn't know that! In 39 out of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach.	That is just plain crazy. Did you hear about the great contract Allen Iverson signed with reebok?
That is just plain crazy. Did you hear about the great contract Allen Iverson signed with reebok?	I didn't hear about that. How much did he get?
I didn't hear about that. How much did he get?	He signed the deal in 2001 and get 800000 a year until he is 55 when he gets 32 million.
He signed the deal in 2001 and get 800000 a year until he is 55 when he gets 32 million.	What a sweet deal! He's set for life! Tim Duncan, who played for the Spurs, sacrificed money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA. I think he did that because of a promise he made to his grandmother.
What a sweet deal! He's set for life! Tim Duncan, who played for the Spurs, sacrificed money and stayed in college for 4 years instead of going directly to the NBA. I think he did that because of a promise he made to his grandmother.	I can see him making sure he finishes and gets his degree. I think I would have went to the nba when I could though. If he had gotten hurt. He would really be kicking himself.
I can see him making sure he finishes and gets his degree. I think I would have went to the nba when I could though. If he had gotten hurt. He would really be kicking himself.	I would have had to go to the NBA and set myself up for life with the money. Then I would have taken classes in the offseason. lol Did you ever own a pair of Air Jordan's?
I would have had to go to the NBA and set myself up for life with the money. Then I would have taken classes in the offseason. lol Did you ever own a pair of Air Jordan's?	No but my son has. He has actually had several pairs.
No but my son has. He has actually had several pairs.	Nice. I never could afford them. lol Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA. However, Jordan wore them anyways as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.
Nice. I never could afford them. lol Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA. However, Jordan wore them anyways as Nike was willing to pay the fine for each game.	I bet they were happy to do it. Lol. So are you a football fan?
I bet they were happy to do it. Lol. So are you a football fan?	I am! Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created?
I am! Did you know that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line they created?	It was a really good idea. I heard that the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink.
It was a really good idea. I heard that the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink.	I wonder why they did that? It's been fun chatting!
I wonder why they did that? It's been fun chatting!	I would say to get into the mind of the other team or just to be funny. Good chatting with you as well. Have a great day.
I would say to get into the mind of the other team or just to be funny. Good chatting with you as well. Have a great day.	A fan of baseball? If you're Japanese there's a good chance you're a huge fan.
A fan of baseball? If you're Japanese there's a good chance you're a huge fan.	How come there's an association with Japanese liking baseball? I prefer other sports like football and basketball. Though even from being in Texas, I have never heard of the high school stadium that costs $60 million to build and can seat 18K people!
How come there's an association with Japanese liking baseball? I prefer other sports like football and basketball. Though even from being in Texas, I have never heard of the high school stadium that costs $60 million to build and can seat 18K people!	Baseball is HUGE in Japan. Some Japanese don't realize it's history here in the US. That's Texas for you. They love their Football like the Japanese love baseball.
Baseball is HUGE in Japan. Some Japanese don't realize it's history here in the US. That's Texas for you. They love their Football like the Japanese love baseball.	I would've thought video gaming or something super innovative was the most popular. Do they have different rules in Japan because if the opposing team catches a baseball in a hat, they are allowed to advanced three bases and yes, it is true, everything's bigger in texas, even football stadiums!
I would've thought video gaming or something super innovative was the most popular. Do they have different rules in Japan because if the opposing team catches a baseball in a hat, they are allowed to advanced three bases and yes, it is true, everything's bigger in texas, even football stadiums!	I think some of the rules are different although I couldn't tell you what specifically. I've always been curious to check out Australian Rules football.
I think some of the rules are different although I couldn't tell you what specifically. I've always been curious to check out Australian Rules football.	Why Australian rules specifically anything interesting that they might do differently in their games?
Why Australian rules specifically anything interesting that they might do differently in their games?	Think it's got a little rugby in it and they play on a round field. That's all I know. American football has come a long way since the '60s. Back then the top bowler made more money than the top football player.
Think it's got a little rugby in it and they play on a round field. That's all I know. American football has come a long way since the '60s. Back then the top bowler made more money than the top football player.	That does sound kind of different! I don't even think bowling competitions are aired on ESPN anymore. High school and public school coaches make a lot more than other state employees! Maybe they should try coaching then!
That does sound kind of different! I don't even think bowling competitions are aired on ESPN anymore. High school and public school coaches make a lot more than other state employees! Maybe they should try coaching then!	It's not a bad gig I guess. You know ESPN won an emmy fo the "yellow line" they supreimpose on the screen for the first down marker.
It's not a bad gig I guess. You know ESPN won an emmy fo the "yellow line" they supreimpose on the screen for the first down marker.	That was invented by ESPN and they can win awards for that?! Do you know how much the gigantic American flags that fly up high at stadiums cost?
That was invented by ESPN and they can win awards for that?! Do you know how much the gigantic American flags that fly up high at stadiums cost?	No idea. I bet it costs a lot though.
No idea. I bet it costs a lot though.	Costs at least $50K to make and they weigh 1100 pounds! Are females allowed to play in the MLB?
Costs at least $50K to make and they weigh 1100 pounds! Are females allowed to play in the MLB?	I don't think there's any prohibition. I do know that the managers technically can play for the team. That's why they wear uniforms.
I don't think there's any prohibition. I do know that the managers technically can play for the team. That's why they wear uniforms.	Have the managers ever had to actually 'step up to the plate' before? There was a female pitcher who was banned from MLB after she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig
Have the managers ever had to actually 'step up to the plate' before? There was a female pitcher who was banned from MLB after she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig	Probably in the early days I would imagine. That's funny about that pitcher. I can't imagine Babe Ruth was too happy about that.
Probably in the early days I would imagine. That's funny about that pitcher. I can't imagine Babe Ruth was too happy about that.	But I wonder if they "let her" as bad as it sounds because she was a female and also seventeen years old, much like letting children get a taste of winning. Wouldn't you?
But I wonder if they "let her" as bad as it sounds because she was a female and also seventeen years old, much like letting children get a taste of winning. Wouldn't you?	No idea. Could be. I hear there's some money in baseball cards though. SOme guy found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic. Lucky!
No idea. Could be. I hear there's some money in baseball cards though. SOme guy found 3 million dollars worth of cards in his grandfather's attic. Lucky!	Wow, it's a good thing he knew the value of those cards when he saw them. I probably would've donated them or tossed them! Would you know their value if you came across an old stash like that?
Wow, it's a good thing he knew the value of those cards when he saw them. I probably would've donated them or tossed them! Would you know their value if you came across an old stash like that?	If they were old enough I would probably check just to be sure.
If they were old enough I would probably check just to be sure.	I'd probably do that as well too. I don't think I'm aware of any luxury phone makers. Are you? they even hire the London orchestra to record exclusive ringtones, sounds a bit 'excessive'.
I'd probably do that as well too. I don't think I'm aware of any luxury phone makers. Are you? they even hire the London orchestra to record exclusive ringtones, sounds a bit 'excessive'.	I had never heard that before. It does sound excessive. We seem to have come a long way since the rotary phone and simple telecommunication device.
I had never heard that before. It does sound excessive. We seem to have come a long way since the rotary phone and simple telecommunication device.	and yet still there is no correlation between cell phone bars and connection quality, I find that a bit difficult to believe.
and yet still there is no correlation between cell phone bars and connection quality, I find that a bit difficult to believe.	Hi! Do you like football?
Hi! Do you like football?	Yes, although the word can mean any different games.
Yes, although the word can mean any different games.	That's true. I think it's what we know as soccer in a lot of other countries.
That's true. I think it's what we know as soccer in a lot of other countries.	Soccer is probably the most popular, but there is also Canadian, rugby and even Gaelic versions!
Soccer is probably the most popular, but there is also Canadian, rugby and even Gaelic versions!	Wow! That's neat to learn. In the 60's, top bowlers made more than top football players!
Wow! That's neat to learn. In the 60's, top bowlers made more than top football players!	Interesting. Nowadays, Emmys are given for innovations like digitally adding a yellow line to the field of play!
Interesting. Nowadays, Emmys are given for innovations like digitally adding a yellow line to the field of play!	I had no idea there was such as thing as an Emmy for that. I wonder what the category was called?
I had no idea there was such as thing as an Emmy for that. I wonder what the category was called?	I don't know. Probably some live thing which might include other sports like Baseball.
I don't know. Probably some live thing which might include other sports like Baseball.	Probably. Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises?
Probably. Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises?	That is pretty funny. I cannot imagine most managers batting or fielding.
That is pretty funny. I cannot imagine most managers batting or fielding.	Neither can I. There are 2430 MLB games per year!
Neither can I. There are 2430 MLB games per year!	I read that there was a single married couple who did the scheduling until ten years or so ago.
I read that there was a single married couple who did the scheduling until ten years or so ago.	Yes! They did it for 24 years! That takes a lot of organization.
Yes! They did it for 24 years! That takes a lot of organization.	I wonder if they do scheduling in a similar manner in Japan?
I wonder if they do scheduling in a similar manner in Japan?	I don't know. Apparently baseball is super popular there!
I don't know. Apparently baseball is super popular there!	I heard that many fans do not even know of its American status.
I heard that many fans do not even know of its American status.	I believe that! Did you know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his career?
I believe that! Did you know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the football in his career?	That is some wild and wacky stuff. Perhaps I will tell that to someone on the telephone.
That is some wild and wacky stuff. Perhaps I will tell that to someone on the telephone.	I didn't know that phone cables just lay on the ocean floor! Seems like they could get damaged.
I didn't know that phone cables just lay on the ocean floor! Seems like they could get damaged.	The same goes for Internet cables! Something to think about next time you use your iPhone.
The same goes for Internet cables! Something to think about next time you use your iPhone.	Seriously! Technology is amazing! Thanks for chatting.
Seriously! Technology is amazing! Thanks for chatting.	Did you know the visiting locker room at University of Iowa is painted pink?
Did you know the visiting locker room at University of Iowa is painted pink?	woah! why do you thnk that is?
woah! why do you thnk that is?	My guess would be to annoy the other team. I can't believe it would have much effect.
My guess would be to annoy the other team. I can't believe it would have much effect.	maybe it is for psychological reasons? or maybe just a fun thing to talk about!
maybe it is for psychological reasons? or maybe just a fun thing to talk about!	I love the yellow TV line marking first down. It makes it easier to tell if a team gets a first down. ESPN won an emmy for that.
I love the yellow TV line marking first down. It makes it easier to tell if a team gets a first down. ESPN won an emmy for that.	I always thiought that was actually on the field and not just on the TV. I always wondered how they moved it around. it is definitely emmy worthy, and a huge staple to watching football on tb now
I always thiought that was actually on the field and not just on the TV. I always wondered how they moved it around. it is definitely emmy worthy, and a huge staple to watching football on tb now	NBC started something new this year. The area between where the ball is and the first down is a darker shade of green. It is a little unnecessary but i don't mind it.
NBC started something new this year. The area between where the ball is and the first down is a darker shade of green. It is a little unnecessary but i don't mind it.	I actually never noticed that before, but it must draw the eye to the area more for the viewer. I like all of these helpful additions over the years
I actually never noticed that before, but it must draw the eye to the area more for the viewer. I like all of these helpful additions over the years	People who are old enough to remember the first televised football games must really be amazed. I couldn't imagine watching a game on a black and white TV in the 1960 with bad reception.
People who are old enough to remember the first televised football games must really be amazed. I couldn't imagine watching a game on a black and white TV in the 1960 with bad reception.	i know right? and back then, a pro bowler made more money than an NFL player!
i know right? and back then, a pro bowler made more money than an NFL player!	Yeah that is weird. I wonder why. I wonder if it was easier to get sponser and ads for bowling, like from beer companies maybe
Yeah that is weird. I wonder why. I wonder if it was easier to get sponser and ads for bowling, like from beer companies maybe	probably, the NFL was still pretty young at that time im pretty sure
probably, the NFL was still pretty young at that time im pretty sure	Wow, I learned recently that former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis did not fumble once during his career. That is amazing with all the hits running backs take.
Wow, I learned recently that former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis did not fumble once during his career. That is amazing with all the hits running backs take.	what a great record to have on your name, he must be the only one who has done that im sure
what a great record to have on your name, he must be the only one who has done that im sure	Hey, did you hear about the guy, who found three million dollars of old baseball cards in his grandfathers attic? Makes want to clean out my basement.
Hey, did you hear about the guy, who found three million dollars of old baseball cards in his grandfathers attic? Makes want to clean out my basement.	thats almost as impressive as the a married couple scheduling EVERY MLB game for 24 years. thats 2430 games!
thats almost as impressive as the a married couple scheduling EVERY MLB game for 24 years. thats 2430 games!	That is impressive, who knew baseball scheduling might be the key to a long and happy marriage.
That is impressive, who knew baseball scheduling might be the key to a long and happy marriage.	im surprised they didnt strange each other having to work together on something so stressful! must be true love
im surprised they didnt strange each other having to work together on something so stressful! must be true love	Lol, hey, did you know that baseball managers were uniforms because if necessary they can play for their team?
Lol, hey, did you know that baseball managers were uniforms because if necessary they can play for their team?	I read that! do you think that has ever happened?
I read that! do you think that has ever happened?	I heard it happens sometimes in the minors when a former player turned manager will step when they are short a player but i don't think it happens often.
I heard it happens sometimes in the minors when a former player turned manager will step when they are short a player but i don't think it happens often.	imagine if that happened in the World Series and he did a game saving play? that would be one hell of a story
imagine if that happened in the World Series and he did a game saving play? that would be one hell of a story	Yeah, it sure would. Good talking to you
Yeah, it sure would. Good talking to you	There never seems to be ANYTHING positive about Trump from the MSM. CBS is now saying that Trump has something against babies. This isn't journalism, it's amateur hour...
There never seems to be ANYTHING positive about Trump from the MSM. CBS is now saying that Trump has something against babies. This isn't journalism, it's amateur hour...	I agree with you on that. They hate him and it shows every time they open their mouth. It's actually kind of funny to watch them.
I agree with you on that. They hate him and it shows every time they open their mouth. It's actually kind of funny to watch them.	Yes, you have the right attitude. He maintains a good approval rating despite their efforts. That must kill them. Did you know the president of Indonesia had 3 pop albums?
Yes, you have the right attitude. He maintains a good approval rating despite their efforts. That must kill them. Did you know the president of Indonesia had 3 pop albums?	No, I didn't know that. Must be a good singer.
No, I didn't know that. Must be a good singer.	Not to add to the negativity but I can't see Trump pulling that off. I'm pretty sure he won't be referred to as "banana" like the 1st president of Zimbabwe.
Not to add to the negativity but I can't see Trump pulling that off. I'm pretty sure he won't be referred to as "banana" like the 1st president of Zimbabwe.	Me either. Did you see the baby blimp that flew in England during his visit there?
Me either. Did you see the baby blimp that flew in England during his visit there?	No I didn't. Have you watched all 750 episodes of Pokemon? Just joking...
No I didn't. Have you watched all 750 episodes of Pokemon? Just joking...	No, I don't care for the Pokemon. Did you know that Homer Simpson has held 188 jobs?
No, I don't care for the Pokemon. Did you know that Homer Simpson has held 188 jobs?	And they say he's a slacker... I can't believe they did a UK version of the 70's Show. I'm not surprised it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
And they say he's a slacker... I can't believe they did a UK version of the 70's Show. I'm not surprised it was cancelled after 10 episodes.	Must not have translated well across the pond. Lol Do you remember watching television in monochrome?
Must not have translated well across the pond. Lol Do you remember watching television in monochrome?	Yes, as I date myself. Getting a color TV was a big deal.
Yes, as I date myself. Getting a color TV was a big deal.	For my family as well. And I remember actually getting up to change between the three channels, too. On a side note, do you know Helium is the only element discovered on the sun before it was discovered on Earth?
For my family as well. And I remember actually getting up to change between the three channels, too. On a side note, do you know Helium is the only element discovered on the sun before it was discovered on Earth?	Yes, I was my Dad's remote control. I did know that. I didn't know that our sun is only one-billionth of the biggest star that's been discovered.
Yes, I was my Dad's remote control. I did know that. I didn't know that our sun is only one-billionth of the biggest star that's been discovered.	Wow, that's impressive. I read somewhere that the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system.
Wow, that's impressive. I read somewhere that the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass of our solar system.	I've heard that, the sun is amazing. Did you know that in July 2011, Neptune completed it's first orbit since being discovered in 1846.
I've heard that, the sun is amazing. Did you know that in July 2011, Neptune completed it's first orbit since being discovered in 1846.	Again, wow. I hear the sunsets on Mars are blue. How awesome is that?
Again, wow. I hear the sunsets on Mars are blue. How awesome is that?	That would be different. Also strange is that the President's guest house is larger that the White House.
That would be different. Also strange is that the President's guest house is larger that the White House.	Probably bigger than the part that is showing. The White House has many levels below ground that are unseen.
Probably bigger than the part that is showing. The White House has many levels below ground that are unseen.	Cool. Did you know that Trump doesn't put up with NYT so-called journalists. Is adverse to germs and not huge on changing diapers? He's a bad guy because of that and blah, blah, blah... I just thought I'd say this for the sake of covering things. It was hard to read that nonsense.
Cool. Did you know that Trump doesn't put up with NYT so-called journalists. Is adverse to germs and not huge on changing diapers? He's a bad guy because of that and blah, blah, blah... I just thought I'd say this for the sake of covering things. It was hard to read that nonsense.	Thanks for saying all that. In the South we have many funny sayings to describe the current political climate. Trump is coming at them from all sides everyday and they don't know what to do. Too funny.
Thanks for saying all that. In the South we have many funny sayings to describe the current political climate. Trump is coming at them from all sides everyday and they don't know what to do. Too funny.	Agreed. I'm a southerner myself. Went to Georgia Tech. It's been great chatting with you. Keep up the faith!
Agreed. I'm a southerner myself. Went to Georgia Tech. It's been great chatting with you. Keep up the faith!	Hello, did you know that JFK, Wasington, and Jefferson where the the richest Presidents in American history?
Hello, did you know that JFK, Wasington, and Jefferson where the the richest Presidents in American history?	I did not. I thought our current one was the richest.
I did not. I thought our current one was the richest.	I guess if you take inflation into account, maybe not. Also, President Banana is what they called the first President of Zimbabwe.
I guess if you take inflation into account, maybe not. Also, President Banana is what they called the first President of Zimbabwe.	We need to make up a similar name for ours, maybe "nuts" or something like that
We need to make up a similar name for ours, maybe "nuts" or something like that	Lol, that would be funny. Were you aware that the actual White House is smaller than the U. S. Presiden'ts guest house.
Lol, that would be funny. Were you aware that the actual White House is smaller than the U. S. Presiden'ts guest house.	I was not. Is that where the First Lady lives currently?
I was not. Is that where the First Lady lives currently?	Lol, not that I know of. I think we should go back to the time before 1805 when the runner up for President was automatically the Vice President.
Lol, not that I know of. I think we should go back to the time before 1805 when the runner up for President was automatically the Vice President.	Absolutely. We need someone to keep a close eye on the current shady president who will tell us the truth about what is going on.
Absolutely. We need someone to keep a close eye on the current shady president who will tell us the truth about what is going on.	Changing topics, are you a science person. I know a lot about science. One such fact is that the Sun is acutally white. We see it as yellow becuase of atmospheric scattering.
Changing topics, are you a science person. I know a lot about science. One such fact is that the Sun is acutally white. We see it as yellow becuase of atmospheric scattering.	Not too much but I like hearing about new scientific discoveries
Not too much but I like hearing about new scientific discoveries	Well, then you will like that even thought the Sun is hot, a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter than the surface of the Sun.
Well, then you will like that even thought the Sun is hot, a lightening bolt is 5 times hotter than the surface of the Sun.	Oh wow. Winter needs to be over and the Sun come out a bit more. I am ready for the Sun to warm me up
Oh wow. Winter needs to be over and the Sun come out a bit more. I am ready for the Sun to warm me up	I am the opposite. I do not like Summer. A cool fact is that you could meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years with just one second of the Sun's energy.
I am the opposite. I do not like Summer. A cool fact is that you could meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years with just one second of the Sun's energy.	Do you know what color the Sun is? It looks yellow to me but its hard to tell when I look up at the SUn
Do you know what color the Sun is? It looks yellow to me but its hard to tell when I look up at the SUn	Yes, as I mentioned before, it is acutally white. It just looks yellow to us due to atmospheric scattering.
Yes, as I mentioned before, it is acutally white. It just looks yellow to us due to atmospheric scattering.	Oh I am sorry I forgot you mentioned that. I know the Sun is nearly 1.5 million kilometers away from Earth. That is a long trip
Oh I am sorry I forgot you mentioned that. I know the Sun is nearly 1.5 million kilometers away from Earth. That is a long trip	Yes, that would take forever. Neptune must move very slow. It just recently completed it's first full orbit around the Sun since it was discovered in 1846. This happened in 2011.
Yes, that would take forever. Neptune must move very slow. It just recently completed it's first full orbit around the Sun since it was discovered in 1846. This happened in 2011.	It took NASA about 6 months just to get to Mars recently.
It took NASA about 6 months just to get to Mars recently.	We need to learn how to travel faster. Do you watch a lot of TV? I do and love it. I am a Simpson's fan. I know that out of all the episodes, there is only one that they did not show or mention Bart.
We need to learn how to travel faster. Do you watch a lot of TV? I do and love it. I am a Simpson's fan. I know that out of all the episodes, there is only one that they did not show or mention Bart.	I have been a Simpson's fan since I was young
I have been a Simpson's fan since I was young	Me to. Well, thanks for the chat.
Me to. Well, thanks for the chat.	Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums
Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums	Did you know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
Did you know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana?	i wonder why
i wonder why	They are such fun little interesting facts! did you know that the president has a guest house that is larger than the White House? I never knew that.
They are such fun little interesting facts! did you know that the president has a guest house that is larger than the White House? I never knew that.	That is pretty crazy. It must be nice being a guest there.
That is pretty crazy. It must be nice being a guest there.	I would just like to tour it, right? I did not know that the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Interesting...
I would just like to tour it, right? I did not know that the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Interesting...	I wonder were the current president ranks among them
I wonder were the current president ranks among them	Ha! I think Trump thinks he makes the list. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums. maybe is trying to supplement his earnings!
Ha! I think Trump thinks he makes the list. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums. maybe is trying to supplement his earnings!	Up until 1805 the runner up in the election became the vice president. With our last election it would of made for some good tv
Up until 1805 the runner up in the election became the vice president. With our last election it would of made for some good tv	Can you imagine both Democrat and Republican in the top 2 offices? OMG. Speaking of TV Are you a fan? Did you know that there is only one simpsons that bart was not on and was not mentioned?
Can you imagine both Democrat and Republican in the top 2 offices? OMG. Speaking of TV Are you a fan? Did you know that there is only one simpsons that bart was not on and was not mentioned?	I have started streaming a lot more. TV has become a mass medium for too much advertisement
I have started streaming a lot more. TV has become a mass medium for too much advertisement	I stream so much because I have 2 jobs and am not home very much. It is so convenient. My sons did watch Thomas the Tank on PBS and Ringo Star, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin were all Mr. Conductors. I remember watching them.
I stream so much because I have 2 jobs and am not home very much. It is so convenient. My sons did watch Thomas the Tank on PBS and Ringo Star, Alec Baldwin, and George Carlin were all Mr. Conductors. I remember watching them.	Have you tried to stream all 750+ episodes of pokemon?
Have you tried to stream all 750+ episodes of pokemon?	My mind would be gone. I thought it was bad for kids and it was such a big thing! That is 50 shows a year for 16 years. OMG
My mind would be gone. I thought it was bad for kids and it was such a big thing! That is 50 shows a year for 16 years. OMG	I know its crazy. Im surprised it lasted so long. At least it wasn't the show "days like these"
I know its crazy. Im surprised it lasted so long. At least it wasn't the show "days like these"	I did read that it was verbatim the 70s show! I guess the Brits have different tastes than Americans.
I did read that it was verbatim the 70s show! I guess the Brits have different tastes than Americans.	Did you know the sun is actually white. how crazy
Did you know the sun is actually white. how crazy	I did not know that. I also did not know that lightening is hotter than the sun. Imagine, people get struck by lightening!
I did not know that. I also did not know that lightening is hotter than the sun. Imagine, people get struck by lightening!	They are both very important sources of energy. But nothing compares to the sun
They are both very important sources of energy. But nothing compares to the sun	I just read that it is over 99% of the mass in our solar system. Huge!
I just read that it is over 99% of the mass in our solar system. Huge!	have a good day!
have a good day!	Do you have any thoughts on the manner in which Trump puts down those who do not agree with him?
Do you have any thoughts on the manner in which Trump puts down those who do not agree with him?	What I can tell also, meaning grow up! He seems to use it alot in this article. I wonder if president Banana feels the same way?lol
What I can tell also, meaning grow up! He seems to use it alot in this article. I wonder if president Banana feels the same way?lol	Well, you can tell he is not from the ruling class, i.e. the political dynasty of Bush's and others. That I like about him. But I agree, he needs to show more decorum. He sure likes to call those who do not agree with him or he views a failure "baby" a lot!
Well, you can tell he is not from the ruling class, i.e. the political dynasty of Bush's and others. That I like about him. But I agree, he needs to show more decorum. He sure likes to call those who do not agree with him or he views a failure "baby" a lot!	He doesn't change baby diapers either. I heard he has a germ thing too. With all the flu going around these days, I am grabbing those cleaning sheets in the grocery stores for your cart!
He doesn't change baby diapers either. I heard he has a germ thing too. With all the flu going around these days, I am grabbing those cleaning sheets in the grocery stores for your cart!	The flu can be a big deal, especially for older persons; after all, he is 72. But the germ phobia can be taken to extremes as well. I read that the 3 wealthiest presidents were Kennedy, Washington, and Jefferson. I am of the belief that stat may no longer be true since Trump is a billionaire. Any thoughts?
The flu can be a big deal, especially for older persons; after all, he is 72. But the germ phobia can be taken to extremes as well. I read that the 3 wealthiest presidents were Kennedy, Washington, and Jefferson. I am of the belief that stat may no longer be true since Trump is a billionaire. Any thoughts?	Yes, I was thinking the same thing, He would be on that list too. Those you listed owned alot of land.
Yes, I was thinking the same thing, He would be on that list too. Those you listed owned alot of land.	What are your thoughts of Trump and the media. It really is a strained relationship or even a mutual hatred. You just cannot turn off the TV without the media bashing Trump or Trump bashing the media for "fake news".
What are your thoughts of Trump and the media. It really is a strained relationship or even a mutual hatred. You just cannot turn off the TV without the media bashing Trump or Trump bashing the media for "fake news".	I watch very little TV news. I try and do my own research. My feeling is most News networks are paid off and controlled to an extent! Its good to stay informed but try and look both sides.
I watch very little TV news. I try and do my own research. My feeling is most News networks are paid off and controlled to an extent! Its good to stay informed but try and look both sides.	I agree. But it did seem like the mainstream media had already declared Hillary Clinton the winner long before the voters entered the polling places. Did you know that until 1805, the runner up was the VP. Could you imagine a President Trump with a Vice President Clinton?
I agree. But it did seem like the mainstream media had already declared Hillary Clinton the winner long before the voters entered the polling places. Did you know that until 1805, the runner up was the VP. Could you imagine a President Trump with a Vice President Clinton?	No, I can't, that is a total joke! lol, So glad we changed that long ago!
No, I can't, that is a total joke! lol, So glad we changed that long ago!	I agree. That would be much more dysfunctional than it currently is. You mentioned that you do not watch much TV news. Do you have any favorite TV series?
I agree. That would be much more dysfunctional than it currently is. You mentioned that you do not watch much TV news. Do you have any favorite TV series?	I have cable but rarely use it I'm on the internet most of the time and can look up anything I'm interested in. When I do go on, it would be the history channel or something educational. That is if I have the time.
I have cable but rarely use it I'm on the internet most of the time and can look up anything I'm interested in. When I do go on, it would be the history channel or something educational. That is if I have the time.	I rarely watch as well. But I do remember the kids were big into Thomas the Tank Engine on PBS. The show was narrated by many famous actors; Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin each narrated more than 50 time. Somehow I cannot visualize Carlin or Baldwin narrating a children's show given their very salty language!
I rarely watch as well. But I do remember the kids were big into Thomas the Tank Engine on PBS. The show was narrated by many famous actors; Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin each narrated more than 50 time. Somehow I cannot visualize Carlin or Baldwin narrating a children's show given their very salty language!	Yes, I do like PBS, I remember that show, I agree with you on Baldwin and Carlin. That is surprising. I can see Ringo Starr though.
Yes, I do like PBS, I remember that show, I agree with you on Baldwin and Carlin. That is surprising. I can see Ringo Starr though.	Thinking back when network TV was better, I use to like "3rd Rock from the Sun". Nowadays, the sun is a big deal, in terms of "green" or "clean" energy. Do you think the sun, aka solar energy, will become a predominate energy source on the electrical grid?
Thinking back when network TV was better, I use to like "3rd Rock from the Sun". Nowadays, the sun is a big deal, in terms of "green" or "clean" energy. Do you think the sun, aka solar energy, will become a predominate energy source on the electrical grid?	Yes, I do and think its a great idea! The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years. Isn't that unreal!
Yes, I do and think its a great idea! The sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire planet for 500,000 years. Isn't that unreal!	Good point. I too think solar could have a major role. But, we really need to advance our ability and knowledge in large scale energy storage. As it currently stands, if you are on solar alone, then you are without power come nightfall. Did you know that since 1846 when Neptune was discovered, it has only completed its 1st full orbit on July 11, 2011?
Good point. I too think solar could have a major role. But, we really need to advance our ability and knowledge in large scale energy storage. As it currently stands, if you are on solar alone, then you are without power come nightfall. Did you know that since 1846 when Neptune was discovered, it has only completed its 1st full orbit on July 11, 2011?	Yes, I heard that too. That planet is so far out there! Are you interested in space? We just had a rocket go up in Florida currently. I love it and find it so interesting!
Yes, I heard that too. That planet is so far out there! Are you interested in space? We just had a rocket go up in Florida currently. I love it and find it so interesting!	I am very interested in space and space travel. Living out in the country, we have very little light pollution, so you can really see the night sky. While I wish the NASA space travel programs were not curtailed, I am impressed by the private sector picking up the slack. Apparently SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule test is going well, so we might be back into manned flight soon!
I am very interested in space and space travel. Living out in the country, we have very little light pollution, so you can really see the night sky. While I wish the NASA space travel programs were not curtailed, I am impressed by the private sector picking up the slack. Apparently SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule test is going well, so we might be back into manned flight soon!	Yes, they were talking about that this week. I bet you can see those stars. While living in the Virgin Island for a few years the sky and stars at night are unbelievable You feel like you can reach out and touch them. The night sky is flooded with stars
Yes, they were talking about that this week. I bet you can see those stars. While living in the Virgin Island for a few years the sky and stars at night are unbelievable You feel like you can reach out and touch them. The night sky is flooded with stars	What is also amazing is the power of lightning. We had a thunderstorm last week and the lightning zapped a neighbor's (100+ year old) live oak. That's a lot of firewood for me. Did you know a lightning bolt is about 5 times hotter than the sun?
What is also amazing is the power of lightning. We had a thunderstorm last week and the lightning zapped a neighbor's (100+ year old) live oak. That's a lot of firewood for me. Did you know a lightning bolt is about 5 times hotter than the sun?	Yes, It made me think of when people get struck! very scary! Aww a 100 year old live oak. That's too bad. Good for you though. Have a great day! Good chat!!
Yes, It made me think of when people get struck! very scary! Aww a 100 year old live oak. That's too bad. Good for you though. Have a great day! Good chat!!	Its kind of crazy to think about how cars use to have wooden trunks. Now we know why their called "trunks."
Its kind of crazy to think about how cars use to have wooden trunks. Now we know why their called "trunks."	I didn't know that! It's surprising to see how long we've come since wooden trunks! I mean cars have rear reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment! I actually can't believe people would equip their cars with flame throwers!
I didn't know that! It's surprising to see how long we've come since wooden trunks! I mean cars have rear reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment! I actually can't believe people would equip their cars with flame throwers!	It really blows my mind! Cars are so much safer now a days. It kind of a makes me laugh how a video game helped Jann mardenborough become a race car driver.
It really blows my mind! Cars are so much safer now a days. It kind of a makes me laugh how a video game helped Jann mardenborough become a race car driver.	That is hilarious! But I don't follow the race car scene or sport. I agree, cars are so much safer these days, but it seems like it comes at a cost to the environment. How long do you typically wait before getting a new car? Or what is the criteria for when it's time to get a new car?
That is hilarious! But I don't follow the race car scene or sport. I agree, cars are so much safer these days, but it seems like it comes at a cost to the environment. How long do you typically wait before getting a new car? Or what is the criteria for when it's time to get a new car?	I would save up enough money to pay in full! I hate having car loans or debt.
I would save up enough money to pay in full! I hate having car loans or debt.	Me too! So much care and costs to maintaining a car. Do you watch football? Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0
Me too! So much care and costs to maintaining a car. Do you watch football? Did you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0	That's crazy. I didn't know that. I also didn't know Running back benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled a football. h
That's crazy. I didn't know that. I also didn't know Running back benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled a football. h	That is a difficult streak to beat! I also had no idea that there were so many different types and forms of football, Australia football has its own set of rules as does Rugby football and also Gaelic football. I still prefer the good ol' American football
That is a difficult streak to beat! I also had no idea that there were so many different types and forms of football, Australia football has its own set of rules as does Rugby football and also Gaelic football. I still prefer the good ol' American football	I agree! You know I'm learning a lot today. I grew up my whole life thinking dogs were colorblind, which is not true.
I agree! You know I'm learning a lot today. I grew up my whole life thinking dogs were colorblind, which is not true.	Why did you think dogs were colorblind? I am learning a lot as well, they can also donate blood at dog blood drives, who knew there was such a thing!
Why did you think dogs were colorblind? I am learning a lot as well, they can also donate blood at dog blood drives, who knew there was such a thing!	I learned it off of the Rugrats show. Haha! I never knew that either. And google needs to be a little more diverse with their pet preference!
I learned it off of the Rugrats show. Haha! I never knew that either. And google needs to be a little more diverse with their pet preference!	Oh! Rugrats show! That was a long time ago haha! There's even a code of conduct mentioning dogs at google! I love dogs but don't discriminate against other animals haha. Do you have a favorite type of dog?
Oh! Rugrats show! That was a long time ago haha! There's even a code of conduct mentioning dogs at google! I love dogs but don't discriminate against other animals haha. Do you have a favorite type of dog?	I agree! I love my shih tzu. She's 10 years old. She isn't a police dog by any means haha. Dogs have so many different jobs in our life!
I agree! I love my shih tzu. She's 10 years old. She isn't a police dog by any means haha. Dogs have so many different jobs in our life!	Those are so cute and definitely not a police dog haha. Yes, dogs can even assist in the police and military and they are a person's best friend! Army cadets have actually tried stealing a flacon and ended up injuring it after putting it in a dog crate
Those are so cute and definitely not a police dog haha. Yes, dogs can even assist in the police and military and they are a person's best friend! Army cadets have actually tried stealing a flacon and ended up injuring it after putting it in a dog crate	That's so intriguing. Dogs have a special place in our lives. They do so much for us. And who knew dogs actually understand when we point to something?
That's so intriguing. Dogs have a special place in our lives. They do so much for us. And who knew dogs actually understand when we point to something?	They are smart animals! I don't recall which team has a dog as their mascot, but the Naval Academy has a goat called Bill as their mascot! I wonder if they bring out the same goat each time
They are smart animals! I don't recall which team has a dog as their mascot, but the Naval Academy has a goat called Bill as their mascot! I wonder if they bring out the same goat each time	That's so silly! The army doesn't allow pranks on live animals. It's good they protect the animals.
That's so silly! The army doesn't allow pranks on live animals. It's good they protect the animals.	Yes, and I can't believe people play pranks on the poor animals! There have been numerous instances where the students have kidnapped the goat, why do you even want to kidnap a goat for!
Yes, and I can't believe people play pranks on the poor animals! There have been numerous instances where the students have kidnapped the goat, why do you even want to kidnap a goat for!	That's so sad. The goat was probably so scared.
That's so sad. The goat was probably so scared.	Yeah! They even coined the action as "goat-napping", that is kind of embarassing that the Navy can't control these events
Yeah! They even coined the action as "goat-napping", that is kind of embarassing that the Navy can't control these events	Times sure have changed since 1953. Their pranks back then were so cruel!
Times sure have changed since 1953. Their pranks back then were so cruel!	I'm not sure if this is a prank or not but the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink, what do you think?
I'm not sure if this is a prank or not but the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink, what do you think?	I think that's a little silly too.
I think that's a little silly too.	haha, agreed, and also, it seems like that would have a negative impact on team morale especially if they were losing
haha, agreed, and also, it seems like that would have a negative impact on team morale especially if they were losing	Yes I agree!
Yes I agree!	hi how are you? would you kidnap a goat?
hi how are you? would you kidnap a goat?	No, I dont think so lol, maybe if it was a famous goat like Bill the Goat
No, I dont think so lol, maybe if it was a famous goat like Bill the Goat	is that famous goat the GOAT of goats? is it worth money? or just bragging rights?
is that famous goat the GOAT of goats? is it worth money? or just bragging rights?	I bet he is worth a lot of money, he does live in a top secret farm
I bet he is worth a lot of money, he does live in a top secret farm	top secret? yes, that makes sense. the army loves its goats. a top secret farm? I wonder who cares for the goat.
top secret? yes, that makes sense. the army loves its goats. a top secret farm? I wonder who cares for the goat.	I have no idea, but there must be a qualified person taking care of it, students like to make pranks with the mascot, thats mean
I have no idea, but there must be a qualified person taking care of it, students like to make pranks with the mascot, thats mean	i guess they have a rivalry that goes back centuries. I hope no one gets hurt, especially the animals.
i guess they have a rivalry that goes back centuries. I hope no one gets hurt, especially the animals.	Its good that things ended in a positive way for Bill, he was returned safely
Its good that things ended in a positive way for Bill, he was returned safely	Bill is a legend and deserves peace and quiet. he has no idea what is going on. it is above his pay grade.
Bill is a legend and deserves peace and quiet. he has no idea what is going on. it is above his pay grade.	I agree, no one should mess with Bill, it seems like his been the victim of many pranks over the years, he deserves to rest already
I agree, no one should mess with Bill, it seems like his been the victim of many pranks over the years, he deserves to rest already	Bill is stoic though. it is hard to get a goat's goat. Do you like dogs? I like dogs. more than goats.
Bill is stoic though. it is hard to get a goat's goat. Do you like dogs? I like dogs. more than goats.	Im definitely a dog person, so yeah, they have 12 different blood types Im guessing thats more than goats
Im definitely a dog person, so yeah, they have 12 different blood types Im guessing thats more than goats	dogs are great! i have heard that there are blood drives for dogs too. what about cats? can they do that?
dogs are great! i have heard that there are blood drives for dogs too. what about cats? can they do that?	I dont think so, stupid cats, they never do good for others lol, thats why Im a dog person.
I dont think so, stupid cats, they never do good for others lol, thats why Im a dog person.	LOL. yeah, im with you on the cats. dogs are friendly. cats are snooty. they think they are terrifying predators. not so much now.
LOL. yeah, im with you on the cats. dogs are friendly. cats are snooty. they think they are terrifying predators. not so much now.	Tigers seem really dangerous, doggies were not friendly either but they have evolved and now they are the best friend of man.
Tigers seem really dangerous, doggies were not friendly either but they have evolved and now they are the best friend of man.	I think that we are so lucky to have dogs. they have helped us survive on this planet.
I think that we are so lucky to have dogs. they have helped us survive on this planet.	They have and they do, they assist the police, the military, fireman, people and they also cheer many up.
They have and they do, they assist the police, the military, fireman, people and they also cheer many up.	They dont complain, they are good listeners, and they love kids! Anyway, great chat!
They dont complain, they are good listeners, and they love kids! Anyway, great chat!	They will be by your side no matter what! thats what I call loyalty, and its been great to chat with you, have a nice day.
They will be by your side no matter what! thats what I call loyalty, and its been great to chat with you, have a nice day.	You too! Have a great day!
You too! Have a great day!	I have learned cool facts thanks to you today, I appreciate it, bye.
I have learned cool facts thanks to you today, I appreciate it, bye.	Good evening there. Do you like dogs? I love them because they're truly man's best friend.
Good evening there. Do you like dogs? I love them because they're truly man's best friend.	That's nice. I'm more interested in the practical contributions they can make, like hunting and protection.
That's nice. I'm more interested in the practical contributions they can make, like hunting and protection.	Thats cool too and still very important. Likely more derived from their wolf days!
Thats cool too and still very important. Likely more derived from their wolf days!	Yes, it is amazing how they have been bred over time to adapt to human life. Some dogs in Moscow can even use the subway!
Yes, it is amazing how they have been bred over time to adapt to human life. Some dogs in Moscow can even use the subway!	Smart! Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs!
Smart! Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs!	That's humane. Did you know that dogs actually drink with the underside of their tongues?
That's humane. Did you know that dogs actually drink with the underside of their tongues?	Yeah I saw a youtube video of that once. Pretty interesting. Also contrary to popular belief dogs can indeed see colors!
Yeah I saw a youtube video of that once. Pretty interesting. Also contrary to popular belief dogs can indeed see colors!	Yes, they just can't see as many as humans and some other animals. They can eat starchier diets than other canid species, though.
Yes, they just can't see as many as humans and some other animals. They can eat starchier diets than other canid species, though.	I wonder how they can tolerate that starch better than others? I think it's cool that dogs vary widely in shape size and colors.
I wonder how they can tolerate that starch better than others? I think it's cool that dogs vary widely in shape size and colors.	Yes, dogs have way more variation than people. They can also learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps.
Yes, dogs have way more variation than people. They can also learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps.	That is so cool. I also like Google because they prefer dogs to cats just like me.
That is so cool. I also like Google because they prefer dogs to cats just like me.	Maybe it's because they have such a large vocabulary and learning haha. Dogs can even have "Eureka moments" and enjoy problem solving.
Maybe it's because they have such a large vocabulary and learning haha. Dogs can even have "Eureka moments" and enjoy problem solving.	That is so cool! Also kind of interesting that there are 12 different blood type that a dog may have.
That is so cool! Also kind of interesting that there are 12 different blood type that a dog may have.	That must make transfusions complicated. My least favorite part of dogs is taking them to the vet in the car. Do you like cars?
That must make transfusions complicated. My least favorite part of dogs is taking them to the vet in the car. Do you like cars?	True! Yes cars are so awesome and often taken for granted I think. Just in the 20th century they came into global use!
True! Yes cars are so awesome and often taken for granted I think. Just in the 20th century they came into global use!	So much has changed in about 100 years, but the basic idea remains the same. It's an interesting series of steps from replacing the horse and buggy to eventually becoming electric self-driving vehicles.
So much has changed in about 100 years, but the basic idea remains the same. It's an interesting series of steps from replacing the horse and buggy to eventually becoming electric self-driving vehicles.	Very well said. I really appreciate Karl Benz because he is regarded as beginning the inventor of the car and essentially giving birth to it in 1886!
Very well said. I really appreciate Karl Benz because he is regarded as beginning the inventor of the car and essentially giving birth to it in 1886!	Yes, he would be very proud of the vehicles on the road today, although I'm sure he wasn't thrilled that it took Western Europe longer to adopt the car than the US.
Yes, he would be very proud of the vehicles on the road today, although I'm sure he wasn't thrilled that it took Western Europe longer to adopt the car than the US.	Yeah I always wonder why it took them so long. The US welcomed the good old 1908 Model T with open arms!
Yeah I always wonder why it took them so long. The US welcomed the good old 1908 Model T with open arms!	Yet somehow all of the innovations in the auto industry like small vehicles and electric cars seem to be adopted in Europe earlier than they are in the US these days, although Ohio has made it illegal to warm up your car, I suppose to reduce emissions?
Yet somehow all of the innovations in the auto industry like small vehicles and electric cars seem to be adopted in Europe earlier than they are in the US these days, although Ohio has made it illegal to warm up your car, I suppose to reduce emissions?	Yes that is a great hypothesis. Or to decrease car theft? But I really enjoyed our conversation today. Enjoy your weekend :)
Yes that is a great hypothesis. Or to decrease car theft? But I really enjoyed our conversation today. Enjoy your weekend :)	Yes, you, too. Hopefully you find a barn full of classic cars like a man in NY did!
Yes, you, too. Hopefully you find a barn full of classic cars like a man in NY did!	Are you a fan of football?
Are you a fan of football?	I love football, both NFL and College! You?
I love football, both NFL and College! You?	Me too, did you know the highest score ever was 222-0?
Me too, did you know the highest score ever was 222-0?	I heard that, but can't think of the teams who played and which year it was
I heard that, but can't think of the teams who played and which year it was	It was Goergia Tech versus Cumberland in 1916
It was Goergia Tech versus Cumberland in 1916	wow poor Cumberland! I would have walked off the field at like 100-0. I wonder if a mercy rule was formed after
wow poor Cumberland! I would have walked off the field at like 100-0. I wonder if a mercy rule was formed after	Yeah, I would have threw in the towel. LOL
Yeah, I would have threw in the towel. LOL	Have you heard of the Iowa Hawkeyes?
Have you heard of the Iowa Hawkeyes?	No, who are they?
No, who are they?	They are a college football team in Iowa. They paint their locker rooms pink for the visitors.
They are a college football team in Iowa. They paint their locker rooms pink for the visitors.	Interesting, is that cheating?
Interesting, is that cheating?	I don't know lol. I think it is a calming effect and not cheating lol
I don't know lol. I think it is a calming effect and not cheating lol	Hmm, perhaps. What about cars, do you like them?
Hmm, perhaps. What about cars, do you like them?	I like Benz and cadillacs, you
I like Benz and cadillacs, you	yeah, I like Mercedes too. I used to have a c300, but don't need it so I got rid of it.
yeah, I like Mercedes too. I used to have a c300, but don't need it so I got rid of it.	They had the original car back in 1886. Have you heard why cadillac is called the way it is?
They had the original car back in 1886. Have you heard why cadillac is called the way it is?	I think it was named after a french explorer, right?
I think it was named after a french explorer, right?	Yep! It was the founder of Detroit!
Yep! It was the founder of Detroit!	Oh, that's cool. I've only been to Detroit once. Well, nice chatting with you!
Oh, that's cool. I've only been to Detroit once. Well, nice chatting with you!	I have never been there. IT was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your day!
I have never been there. IT was so nice chatting with you! Enjoy your day!	You probably don't want to now. Well nice chatting!
You probably don't want to now. Well nice chatting!	Hello, Do you watch much TV these days?
Hello, Do you watch much TV these days?	Occasionally although I mostly stick with Netflix for addle tv shows. What about you?
Occasionally although I mostly stick with Netflix for addle tv shows. What about you?	I rarely do too! I am on the internet mostly and can pull up anything I need. Like Netflix etc. Were you a fan of Pokemon?
I rarely do too! I am on the internet mostly and can pull up anything I need. Like Netflix etc. Were you a fan of Pokemon?	I was. There have been over 750 episodes of pokemon! I wonder who has the time to watch all of them
I was. There have been over 750 episodes of pokemon! I wonder who has the time to watch all of them	I know, lol, I don't. My goodness TV is not on my list. I didn't realize Ringo Star narrated in the show Thomas the Tank Engine !!
I know, lol, I don't. My goodness TV is not on my list. I didn't realize Ringo Star narrated in the show Thomas the Tank Engine !!	I did not know that either! I believe that George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also have narrated Thomas!
I did not know that either! I believe that George Carlin and Alec Baldwin also have narrated Thomas!	Yes, they did too! I bet George Carlin's raspy deep voice was interesting!
Yes, they did too! I bet George Carlin's raspy deep voice was interesting!	Agreed. I wonder if people could tell the difference between the three people
Agreed. I wonder if people could tell the difference between the three people	I think so with two American accents and one English singers well known voice.lol
I think so with two American accents and one English singers well known voice.lol	Are you planning to watch the next fifa world cup in 2022?
Are you planning to watch the next fifa world cup in 2022?	I'm not sure? I wonder what city will get pick? The US got 3rd place in the first World Cup in 1930!
I'm not sure? I wonder what city will get pick? The US got 3rd place in the first World Cup in 1930!	And I do not think the US have done good at the world cup ever since. The city in which the world cup is taking place in has not even been built yet.
And I do not think the US have done good at the world cup ever since. The city in which the world cup is taking place in has not even been built yet.	Do you enjoy football? I like going to the games!!
Do you enjoy football? I like going to the games!!	Well, it depends. Do you mean American football or European football. I prefer the latter.
Well, it depends. Do you mean American football or European football. I prefer the latter.	Oh ok, I meant the NFL!! Who do you like in the European football? I enjoy watching soccer, as we call it in the states!
Oh ok, I meant the NFL!! Who do you like in the European football? I enjoy watching soccer, as we call it in the states!	Actually, I live in Canada and thus I am not an avid football fan. I much rather play soccer, although it depends on the person.
Actually, I live in Canada and thus I am not an avid football fan. I much rather play soccer, although it depends on the person.	I see, I bet you like Hockey. I love Hockey, Go to the games here. Very exciting!! In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players in the US.
I see, I bet you like Hockey. I love Hockey, Go to the games here. Very exciting!! In the 60's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players in the US.	I do enjoy hockey. Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action? That is not a lot.
I do enjoy hockey. Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live action? That is not a lot.	No, it can get boring, especially if you don't understand the game. lol
No, it can get boring, especially if you don't understand the game. lol	Agreed, where has hockey has 60 minutes. Almost 6x more!
Agreed, where has hockey has 60 minutes. Almost 6x more!	True, and hockey is inside. Not as bad as sitting at a game in the blazing sun!!
True, and hockey is inside. Not as bad as sitting at a game in the blazing sun!!	Yep, although it does sometimes get cold when you are watching hockey. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!
Yep, although it does sometimes get cold when you are watching hockey. Anyways, thank you for your time! It was nice chatting with you!	Football is actually a family of team sports when you consider it world wide.
Football is actually a family of team sports when you consider it world wide.	Sure. Do you have a favorite football team?
Sure. Do you have a favorite football team?	I favor the US college game and have been an Oklahoma fan since I was 8 years old. The University of Iowa painted the visitor's locker room pink for a mental advantage.
I favor the US college game and have been an Oklahoma fan since I was 8 years old. The University of Iowa painted the visitor's locker room pink for a mental advantage.	Thats pretty smart tactic, to soften them up. Unless they like pink lol
Thats pretty smart tactic, to soften them up. Unless they like pink lol	There have been actual studies that prove that weight lifters cannot lift as much in a room with pink walls. Most of the world calls what we call soccer, football.
There have been actual studies that prove that weight lifters cannot lift as much in a room with pink walls. Most of the world calls what we call soccer, football.	Interesting, had no idea. In the sixties, top bowlers made more than football players, kinda weird huh
Interesting, had no idea. In the sixties, top bowlers made more than football players, kinda weird huh	It is, but you have to pay a lot of people in the NFL, not so in bowling. However, the NFL has marketed its product and now makes bundles of money. They deserve it.
It is, but you have to pay a lot of people in the NFL, not so in bowling. However, the NFL has marketed its product and now makes bundles of money. They deserve it.	What do you mean you have to pay a lot of people in the NFL?
What do you mean you have to pay a lot of people in the NFL?	there are 30 teams with 54 people on each roster and about a dozen coaches. Pro bowlers probably had a total of 10 people earning at the top level in the 60's.
there are 30 teams with 54 people on each roster and about a dozen coaches. Pro bowlers probably had a total of 10 people earning at the top level in the 60's.	ok cool.
ok cool.	Have you seen the yellow line that ESPN invented that they superimpose on the field to show the line to gain for a first down?
Have you seen the yellow line that ESPN invented that they superimpose on the field to show the line to gain for a first down?	Yes I have. I read that they won a emmy for the creation of that line. awesome.
Yes I have. I read that they won a emmy for the creation of that line. awesome.	It makes a difference in how I enjoy the game. Back to soccer, the World Cup for soccer is played only once every 4 years kind of like the Olympics.
It makes a difference in how I enjoy the game. Back to soccer, the World Cup for soccer is played only once every 4 years kind of like the Olympics.	Right. I hear the next one will be held in Qatar, and the city in which it is held doesnt exist yet.
Right. I hear the next one will be held in Qatar, and the city in which it is held doesnt exist yet.	True. However, Qatar is a wealthy country so they will get it done. The US women have done much better in World Cup that US men.
True. However, Qatar is a wealthy country so they will get it done. The US women have done much better in World Cup that US men.	Yeah I think Ive heard that. The american team hasnt place below 3rd since the womens world cup started in 91
Yeah I think Ive heard that. The american team hasnt place below 3rd since the womens world cup started in 91	That's right and 3 is the highest that US men have placed.
That's right and 3 is the highest that US men have placed.	Thats unfortunate.
Thats unfortunate.	Well, it is the biggest sport in many countries. American football, baseball and basketball are all bigger here. The world has not done much against the US in basketball.
Well, it is the biggest sport in many countries. American football, baseball and basketball are all bigger here. The world has not done much against the US in basketball.	I read that soccer generates more money than hockey, football, golf, basketball, tennis and baseball all together!
I read that soccer generates more money than hockey, football, golf, basketball, tennis and baseball all together!	I am sure it does. The most valuable sports franchise in the entire world is Manchester United, a soccer team in the UK. Nice Chatting.
I am sure it does. The most valuable sports franchise in the entire world is Manchester United, a soccer team in the UK. Nice Chatting.	Hello!
Hello!	Hello. Did you hear about Bob Beattie dieing? He was 85
Hello. Did you hear about Bob Beattie dieing? He was 85	Yes, I did. That is very sad! he helped launch the Alpine Skiing World Cup circuit amongst so much more, what a loss
Yes, I did. That is very sad! he helped launch the Alpine Skiing World Cup circuit amongst so much more, what a loss	It is. Do you like football? There are so many different sports that they refer to as football
It is. Do you like football? There are so many different sports that they refer to as football	I like football but don't really follow it, it is interesting that Bob Beattie worked as n assistant football coach at one point years ago, he has done so much. Do you like football?
I like football but don't really follow it, it is interesting that Bob Beattie worked as n assistant football coach at one point years ago, he has done so much. Do you like football?	I do like it. I saw the highest scoring game was 222-0 in 1916
I do like it. I saw the highest scoring game was 222-0 in 1916	Really? Wow, amazing just like soccer in some countries is considered football. So many different types!
Really? Wow, amazing just like soccer in some countries is considered football. So many different types!	The different variations of football are called football codes
The different variations of football are called football codes	Awesome! I think FIFA is amazing, The USA got 3rd place in the 1st fifa world cup series way back in 1930! Amazing!
Awesome! I think FIFA is amazing, The USA got 3rd place in the 1st fifa world cup series way back in 1930! Amazing!	The city that is set to host 2022 doesn't exist yet
The city that is set to host 2022 doesn't exist yet	What? I wonder how that can be? Very interesting! It is also interesting that Bob Beattie helped create the world cup! This man was exceptional. He had such a long broadcasting career.
What? I wonder how that can be? Very interesting! It is also interesting that Bob Beattie helped create the world cup! This man was exceptional. He had such a long broadcasting career.	He was amazing. Did you know the American team never placed below 3rd place in the world cup since woman's world cup started in 1991
He was amazing. Did you know the American team never placed below 3rd place in the world cup since woman's world cup started in 1991	I have indeed heard about that, very exciting. What is also interesting is how nobody that host the Olympic games have never had any economic gains, I guess it is exciting to have the Olympics world cup held in your country!
I have indeed heard about that, very exciting. What is also interesting is how nobody that host the Olympic games have never had any economic gains, I guess it is exciting to have the Olympics world cup held in your country!	That is hard to believe worth all the tourist coming to see the games.. the US got 3rd place in the first FIFA games
That is hard to believe worth all the tourist coming to see the games.. the US got 3rd place in the first FIFA games	I know, you would think all the people buying gas and food and hotels would definitely boost the economy. I always like to watch Football and The Olympics on television, best seat in the house lol.
I know, you would think all the people buying gas and food and hotels would definitely boost the economy. I always like to watch Football and The Olympics on television, best seat in the house lol.	ExqcExa. I like the in the comfort of my home. Did you know there was only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart wasn't seen or mentioned
ExqcExa. I like the in the comfort of my home. Did you know there was only one episode of the Simpsons in which Bart wasn't seen or mentioned	Really? That's a bit odd haha, I like the Simpsons. I like a lot of TV shows but don't get to watch very much. I like South Park reruns though lol
Really? That's a bit odd haha, I like the Simpsons. I like a lot of TV shows but don't get to watch very much. I like South Park reruns though lol	When South park aired it's family Guy episode fianle the producers received flowers from the simpsSim crew
When South park aired it's family Guy episode fianle the producers received flowers from the simpsSim crew	That was really nice! I like watching Football clips on the news and catching up on That 70's Show! They tried to do a remake in the UK but it was cancelled.
That was really nice! I like watching Football clips on the news and catching up on That 70's Show! They tried to do a remake in the UK but it was cancelled.	Wonder why? They made over 750 episodes of pokemon
Wonder why? They made over 750 episodes of pokemon	That is a lot of shows! That is about 50 per year! For about 16 years straight lol, that is crazy!
That is a lot of shows! That is about 50 per year! For about 16 years straight lol, that is crazy!	Yes it is. Hope you have a great day.
Yes it is. Hope you have a great day.	hello
hello	Hi! Did you know football can also mean a lot of other things, in certain places, sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union)
Hi! Did you know football can also mean a lot of other things, in certain places, sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union)	Yes i knew, and also for instance In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars
Yes i knew, and also for instance In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars	Bowlers? Wow! I am an avid football fan and have tuned into some jaw-dropping games, but the most notable is in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. How is that even possible!
Bowlers? Wow! I am an avid football fan and have tuned into some jaw-dropping games, but the most notable is in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0. How is that even possible!	Yeah i was wondering the same, plus Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Yeah i was wondering the same, plus Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.	That's impressive. Did you know that the city which is set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup final does not yet exist!
That's impressive. Did you know that the city which is set to host the 2022 qatar fifa world cup final does not yet exist!	Yes, i adore Qatar, Doha. The will make it for sure. And did you know that The united states got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930?
Yes, i adore Qatar, Doha. The will make it for sure. And did you know that The united states got 3rd place in the first fifa world cup in 1930?	I did not know that, that was a long time ago and the American team has never placed below third place since 1991! I had no idea FIFA has been around for so long.
I did not know that, that was a long time ago and the American team has never placed below third place since 1991! I had no idea FIFA has been around for so long.	Let's talk about my favorite television lol. It sometimes shortened to tele or telly, is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black and white), or in colour, and in two or three dimensions and sound.
Let's talk about my favorite television lol. It sometimes shortened to tele or telly, is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black and white), or in colour, and in two or three dimensions and sound.	I love TV too! But what I don't like are ads, they seem a bit disruptive, but television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news. I would say I prefer the latter two haha.
I love TV too! But what I don't like are ads, they seem a bit disruptive, but television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news. I would say I prefer the latter two haha.	lol. And do you agree that Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.?
lol. And do you agree that Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news.?	Yes I agree. I did not know that Pokemon was a TV show, and they have aired over 750 episodes! Have you seen any?
Yes I agree. I did not know that Pokemon was a TV show, and they have aired over 750 episodes! Have you seen any?	Yes sure, my childhood favorite cartoon lol. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears
Yes sure, my childhood favorite cartoon lol. There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears	When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew. Does that mean South Park has ended?
When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew. Does that mean South Park has ended?	no I don't think so. one more fact either,Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each
no I don't think so. one more fact either,Ringo starr, george carlin, and alec baldwin have all narrated thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes each	Have they won an emmy for those episodes? ESPN has won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
Have they won an emmy for those episodes? ESPN has won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.	I think yes, they might be won Emmy in my opinion
I think yes, they might be won Emmy in my opinion	haha, that's all that matters. The show "That 70's show" was remade verbatim in the uk to be called 'days like these' . How relevant
haha, that's all that matters. The show "That 70's show" was remade verbatim in the uk to be called 'days like these' . How relevant	yes, was nice to chat with you. have a great day
yes, was nice to chat with you. have a great day	Yes you as well
Yes you as well	bye
bye	good morning to you!
good morning to you!	Hi, do you want to chat about the President, Concerts, or the Radio?
Hi, do you want to chat about the President, Concerts, or the Radio?	lets start with concerts
lets start with concerts	Cool. Concerts are live music performances played in front of an audience. It can be a single performer or a group of performers.
Cool. Concerts are live music performances played in front of an audience. It can be a single performer or a group of performers.	they sure are. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone?
they sure are. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone?	Yes, they love to perform. A fun fact that I learned is that the Foo Fighters played a concert so loud that it showed up on New Zealand's seismic monitors. Talk about loud!
Yes, they love to perform. A fun fact that I learned is that the Foo Fighters played a concert so loud that it showed up on New Zealand's seismic monitors. Talk about loud!	oh yea thats a loud one. have you ever been to a concert before?
oh yea thats a loud one. have you ever been to a concert before?	Yes, many, many, many concerts. I mostly went to outdoor rock concerts and still enjoy them. I love the amphitheaters especially.
Yes, many, many, many concerts. I mostly went to outdoor rock concerts and still enjoy them. I love the amphitheaters especially.	Pink Floyd performed in the ancient roman amplitheater for absolutely no audience for one of their records. I bet that was a hell of a show
Pink Floyd performed in the ancient roman amplitheater for absolutely no audience for one of their records. I bet that was a hell of a show	Since no one was there but them, they could rock the place out. Yes, I heard about that event from back in 1972.
Since no one was there but them, they could rock the place out. Yes, I heard about that event from back in 1972.	how about in 2002 when a Creed concert was so bad, the fans filed a lawsuit against the band?
how about in 2002 when a Creed concert was so bad, the fans filed a lawsuit against the band?	Yes, I heard that four people filed against them. Did you hear about a woman driving to a Dave Matthews concert who stopped to help a stranded cyclist who turned out to be Dave Matthews himself? What a story to tell your grandkids.
Yes, I heard that four people filed against them. Did you hear about a woman driving to a Dave Matthews concert who stopped to help a stranded cyclist who turned out to be Dave Matthews himself? What a story to tell your grandkids.	that would be crazy for that to happen, especially to a fan of his
that would be crazy for that to happen, especially to a fan of his	Yes, very unusual. Another fun fact is that in 2010 Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.
Yes, very unusual. Another fun fact is that in 2010 Lou Reed and his wife held a high frequency concert for dogs.	I would have loved to have been to that concert, just watching all of the dogs have a good time at the show
I would have loved to have been to that concert, just watching all of the dogs have a good time at the show	They were probably howling and barking, I would not have wanted to be there! Did you ever hear of Abba? Abba turned down 1 billion US dollars to do a 100 concert reunion tour.
They were probably howling and barking, I would not have wanted to be there! Did you ever hear of Abba? Abba turned down 1 billion US dollars to do a 100 concert reunion tour.	I love Abba, but thats so much money to shoot down! they must really kind of dislike each other huh?
I love Abba, but thats so much money to shoot down! they must really kind of dislike each other huh?	I'm not sure about that. Do you listen to the radio?
I'm not sure about that. Do you listen to the radio?	not too much, im more of a podcast guy. which i guess is sorta like radio but just on the internet
not too much, im more of a podcast guy. which i guess is sorta like radio but just on the internet	Ok, well did you know that a Hanson song became a most requested track on a Chicago alt-rock radio station because DJs did not reveal the band?
Ok, well did you know that a Hanson song became a most requested track on a Chicago alt-rock radio station because DJs did not reveal the band?	thats crazy, i remember Hanson, i used to like them. Im gonna go listen to them right now!
thats crazy, i remember Hanson, i used to like them. Im gonna go listen to them right now!	Do you follow global news at all?
Do you follow global news at all?	I enjoy global news. Its like a root canal... that happens to someone else.
I enjoy global news. Its like a root canal... that happens to someone else.	That's an interesting way of putting it! Do you remember the Paris terrorist attacks back in 2015?
That's an interesting way of putting it! Do you remember the Paris terrorist attacks back in 2015?	I do remember. Bataclan concert hall. It as a sad day.
I do remember. Bataclan concert hall. It as a sad day.	It was so terrible. On November 13th of this past year, they were mourning and Trump started to attack the French President Emmanuel Macron... did you know about this?
It was so terrible. On November 13th of this past year, they were mourning and Trump started to attack the French President Emmanuel Macron... did you know about this?	Well, when the twitter in chief starts, I usually assume he is misinformed. France seems to have done little to cause Trumps twitter attack.
Well, when the twitter in chief starts, I usually assume he is misinformed. France seems to have done little to cause Trumps twitter attack.	Yeah agreed. For some reason he decided to ridicule France about their performance in WWI and WWII... and accused Macron of forming a European army to attack the US...
Yeah agreed. For some reason he decided to ridicule France about their performance in WWI and WWII... and accused Macron of forming a European army to attack the US...	I think Trump had, some time ago, criticized NATO and how much the US pays into NATO. Here is a member nation saying they need a bigger role. The guy makes no sense at times.
I think Trump had, some time ago, criticized NATO and how much the US pays into NATO. Here is a member nation saying they need a bigger role. The guy makes no sense at times.	Yeah it makes absolutely no sense. Macron was actually kind of agreeing with Trump in that Europe should garner greater defense capabilities to take some of the burden of the US!
Yeah it makes absolutely no sense. Macron was actually kind of agreeing with Trump in that Europe should garner greater defense capabilities to take some of the burden of the US!	Trump was correct in saying that Macron has low approval ratings. I believe the yellow vest riots happened soon after. But Trumps timing and tone was... un presidential.
Trump was correct in saying that Macron has low approval ratings. I believe the yellow vest riots happened soon after. But Trumps timing and tone was... un presidential.	Very unpresidential. Trump's approval rating isn't great either, though not as bad as 26%!
Very unpresidential. Trump's approval rating isn't great either, though not as bad as 26%!	The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. It would be funny to have a law where every candidate had to be fluent in one other language.
The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. It would be funny to have a law where every candidate had to be fluent in one other language.	That would be so interesting. I wonder if Trump would choose German to support his fanbase... just kidding haha.
That would be so interesting. I wonder if Trump would choose German to support his fanbase... just kidding haha.	Oh, I don't know. It would make for smarter candidates. And the candidates would know more about the world in general. More presidential candidates.
Oh, I don't know. It would make for smarter candidates. And the candidates would know more about the world in general. More presidential candidates.	I agree wholeheartedly. I think the only way to be an effective leader of a country in today's globalism is to be knowledgeable of other countries and to be able to effectively communicate with them, and what better way to do that than through actually learning their means of communicating?
I agree wholeheartedly. I think the only way to be an effective leader of a country in today's globalism is to be knowledgeable of other countries and to be able to effectively communicate with them, and what better way to do that than through actually learning their means of communicating?	Right on. Instead we have titter wars started for small reasons. It does entertain the voters however.
Right on. Instead we have titter wars started for small reasons. It does entertain the voters however.	Yeah, it's unfortunate that voters are so easily swayed by what entertains them. I think we should be more careful with what "entertainment" we put out there, not just for our voters, but for others around the world too
Yeah, it's unfortunate that voters are so easily swayed by what entertains them. I think we should be more careful with what "entertainment" we put out there, not just for our voters, but for others around the world too	Lets try a slightly less political topic... In 1972 the band Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Three people rendered unconscious. Are they an american band?
Lets try a slightly less political topic... In 1972 the band Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Three people rendered unconscious. Are they an american band?	Oh wow, that's insane! I think they're English. Speaking of crazy concerts, in 2002 Creed performed in a concert so bad that four concert-goers actually filed a lawsuit!!
Oh wow, that's insane! I think they're English. Speaking of crazy concerts, in 2002 Creed performed in a concert so bad that four concert-goers actually filed a lawsuit!!	I have never heard of Creed. I like Deep Purple up loud though. I find some old music is just better. Do you like Dave Matthews?
I have never heard of Creed. I like Deep Purple up loud though. I find some old music is just better. Do you like Dave Matthews?	I'm a slight fan of Dave Matthews, not too big of a fan though. Do you like Linkin Park? They played 324 concerts in 2001 because of how successful their debut album was!
I'm a slight fan of Dave Matthews, not too big of a fan though. Do you like Linkin Park? They played 324 concerts in 2001 because of how successful their debut album was!	That's a lot of concerts in a year. I do not know Linkin Park all that well. One story about Dave Matthews is that he hitched a ride from a woman going to his own concert. I bet she was thrilled.
That's a lot of concerts in a year. I do not know Linkin Park all that well. One story about Dave Matthews is that he hitched a ride from a woman going to his own concert. I bet she was thrilled.	That's so funny. I wonder what that must've been like for her, to suddenly see Dave Matthews on the side of the road and get to pick him up. And if you think that's a lot of concerts, you'd be surprised to find out that the Ramones played 2,263 concerts over the course of 20 years, basically non-stop!
That's so funny. I wonder what that must've been like for her, to suddenly see Dave Matthews on the side of the road and get to pick him up. And if you think that's a lot of concerts, you'd be surprised to find out that the Ramones played 2,263 concerts over the course of 20 years, basically non-stop!	That explains the song, "I want to be sedated." Some bands I do not understand the appeal. Abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do 100 concerts. Why like Abba at all?
That explains the song, "I want to be sedated." Some bands I do not understand the appeal. Abba turned down 1 billion dollars to do 100 concerts. Why like Abba at all?	That's so much money, whoa! I guess they didn't feel like touring that much. I'm not a huge fan of Abba, but I slightly like some of their songs. They were featured in Mamma Mia, right?
That's so much money, whoa! I guess they didn't feel like touring that much. I'm not a huge fan of Abba, but I slightly like some of their songs. They were featured in Mamma Mia, right?	That would be musical theater. Something I know nothing about. I do know that in 2010 Lou Reed held a high frequency concert for dogs. I wonder, by the end, did they know who was a good boy? It is time to go.
That would be musical theater. Something I know nothing about. I do know that in 2010 Lou Reed held a high frequency concert for dogs. I wonder, by the end, did they know who was a good boy? It is time to go.	Aww that is so cute! I'll have to check that out. Nice talking with you!
Aww that is so cute! I'll have to check that out. Nice talking with you!	Do you attend many musical concerts?
Do you attend many musical concerts?	I have been to many concerts how about you?
I have been to many concerts how about you?	I have, but not recently, I really need to start going again. What was your favorite concert ever?
I have, but not recently, I really need to start going again. What was your favorite concert ever?	I would probably have to go back many years and say Aerosmith or Pink Floyd.....and you?
I would probably have to go back many years and say Aerosmith or Pink Floyd.....and you?	Oh wow, what year did you see Pink Floyd? And I would say the Apples in Stereo in Chicago, 2005.
Oh wow, what year did you see Pink Floyd? And I would say the Apples in Stereo in Chicago, 2005.	Wow, good one....I think it was late 80s early 90s is when I was seeing most of the concerts I wanted to. Great great shows.
Wow, good one....I think it was late 80s early 90s is when I was seeing most of the concerts I wanted to. Great great shows.	That must have been really cool. I think you really have to go to some live concerts at least once in your lifetime.
That must have been really cool. I think you really have to go to some live concerts at least once in your lifetime.	Definitely! I wish I could have seen Linkin Park before Chester Bennington passed away, but I keep their music on my playlist.
Definitely! I wish I could have seen Linkin Park before Chester Bennington passed away, but I keep their music on my playlist.	Ok yeah that was really sad when he passed, that would've been an awesome concert.
Ok yeah that was really sad when he passed, that would've been an awesome concert.	I agree, I didn't get to see Nirvana either before Kurt Cobain passed....which tells me if I want to see a concert don't delay too long.
I agree, I didn't get to see Nirvana either before Kurt Cobain passed....which tells me if I want to see a concert don't delay too long.	I was a huge fan of Nirvana growing up. I had an older brother who got me into that music, I would have loved to go to a show then. And I agree completely.
I was a huge fan of Nirvana growing up. I had an older brother who got me into that music, I would have loved to go to a show then. And I agree completely.	Do you still listen to the radio at all or is all of your music on Apps on your phone?
Do you still listen to the radio at all or is all of your music on Apps on your phone?	I do, I really like the local radio stations, they play lots of oldies which I love. How about you?
I do, I really like the local radio stations, they play lots of oldies which I love. How about you?	I still listen to the radio in my car I like the radio. So many people don't anymore. Did you know that in Cananda all radio stations are required to play 40% of canadian music....strange lol
I still listen to the radio in my car I like the radio. So many people don't anymore. Did you know that in Cananda all radio stations are required to play 40% of canadian music....strange lol	I did not know that, very strange indeed. And I'm the same, it's usually just in my car when I do.
I did not know that, very strange indeed. And I'm the same, it's usually just in my car when I do.	Interesting fact....did you know jupiter sometimes has such strong radio storms that it can be picked up on our A.M. radio stations? Lol, I don't know how one would know it's jupiter...
Interesting fact....did you know jupiter sometimes has such strong radio storms that it can be picked up on our A.M. radio stations? Lol, I don't know how one would know it's jupiter...	I did not know that, very interesting. Do you ever listen to the radio online?
I did not know that, very interesting. Do you ever listen to the radio online?	I do once in awhile or Youtube plays in the background as I am on my computer.
I do once in awhile or Youtube plays in the background as I am on my computer.	I might start, I guess there is a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.
I might start, I guess there is a site where you can listen to thousands of classic radio dramas for free.	Yes, I have heard that but haven't tried it. Sounds interesting though.
Yes, I have heard that but haven't tried it. Sounds interesting though.	Yeah I think it does as well, that is very cool to me.
Yeah I think it does as well, that is very cool to me.	Since we are talking about albums, concerts, radio and music did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?? That made me laugh.....
Since we are talking about albums, concerts, radio and music did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office?? That made me laugh.....	That is hilarious, I wonder what they sound like.
That is hilarious, I wonder what they sound like.	I would love to know lol.....it has been great chatting!!!
I would love to know lol.....it has been great chatting!!!	Yeah good chatting with you as well.
Yeah good chatting with you as well.	Have a Happy New Year!
Have a Happy New Year!	Hey same to you!
Hey same to you!	Do you listen to the radio? I used to but now not so much.
Do you listen to the radio? I used to but now not so much.	When i kid i listened to baseball games and music. These days i never do. Speaking of radios, did you that Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by AM radio?
When i kid i listened to baseball games and music. These days i never do. Speaking of radios, did you that Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by AM radio?	I wonder what they sound like. Jupiter Storms. Sounds like the name of a chick band or something.
I wonder what they sound like. Jupiter Storms. Sounds like the name of a chick band or something.	Lol. I would go see the Jupiter Storms in concert. I would if it sounds like crackles or just weird static.
Lol. I would go see the Jupiter Storms in concert. I would if it sounds like crackles or just weird static.	I guess it would then. May be better than most of the noise I hear on the radio now a days.
I guess it would then. May be better than most of the noise I hear on the radio now a days.	True. I would how good Canadian music is. By law 40% of the music on radio in Canada has to be Canadian
True. I would how good Canadian music is. By law 40% of the music on radio in Canada has to be Canadian	I think that the fix is in. The canadian govt must make money off that somehow. They are stealing or taxing or something.
I think that the fix is in. The canadian govt must make money off that somehow. They are stealing or taxing or something.	It is surprising, perhaps they figure no one wants to listen to Canadian music so they require radio stations to play it, weird.
It is surprising, perhaps they figure no one wants to listen to Canadian music so they require radio stations to play it, weird.	That is some sort of fascist communism if you ask me. Canada sounds like a hard place to live. Well for radio at least.
That is some sort of fascist communism if you ask me. Canada sounds like a hard place to live. Well for radio at least.	Do you like classic radio dramas? I listened to some old Dragnet radio programs that I downloaded off a website for free.
Do you like classic radio dramas? I listened to some old Dragnet radio programs that I downloaded off a website for free.	That sounds dusty and old. Could you understand the langauge though? English was different then I bet. The radio English is different from the television English.
That sounds dusty and old. Could you understand the langauge though? English was different then I bet. The radio English is different from the television English.	It sounded kinda of tinny and the sounds effects were really loud and the music was really dramatic. I enjoyed them.
It sounded kinda of tinny and the sounds effects were really loud and the music was really dramatic. I enjoyed them.	That would make sense. No pictures means its got to be EXTRA dramatic on the ears. Lots of spooky music and such.
That would make sense. No pictures means its got to be EXTRA dramatic on the ears. Lots of spooky music and such.	Can you believe soldiers in World War II made radios using razor blades and pencil. That is real Macguyver like.
Can you believe soldiers in World War II made radios using razor blades and pencil. That is real Macguyver like.	I guess when bullets are whizzing past you, you get real creative real fast. I figure they would use anything they could. Dental fillings, anything.
I guess when bullets are whizzing past you, you get real creative real fast. I figure they would use anything they could. Dental fillings, anything.	I wonder if the President of Indonesia, who has released 3 pop albums while in office is on the radio there.
I wonder if the President of Indonesia, who has released 3 pop albums while in office is on the radio there.	I think he has the right idea. Get into office, use the office to sell albums, get that music career going, retire and become a big name producer.
I think he has the right idea. Get into office, use the office to sell albums, get that music career going, retire and become a big name producer.	Yeah, probably makes more money from the music than politics anyway.
Yeah, probably makes more money from the music than politics anyway.	Trump could then end up the richest if he can get that second term in and win a grammy.
Trump could then end up the richest if he can get that second term in and win a grammy.	You almost made me spit out my drink, too funny. I wouldn't rule out anything for Trump now. I thought he no chance to become president.
You almost made me spit out my drink, too funny. I wouldn't rule out anything for Trump now. I thought he no chance to become president.	I think he is clever. He is friends with Kanye so they could hook up on an album. Anyhow, good chat.
I think he is clever. He is friends with Kanye so they could hook up on an album. Anyhow, good chat.	You too, bye
You too, bye	Thanks.
Thanks.	k
k	DO you like to watch television ?
DO you like to watch television ?	Yes, I do like to watch TV though I mostly watch Netflix. How about you?
Yes, I do like to watch TV though I mostly watch Netflix. How about you?	I watch Netflix, wish they had South Park, but they have a few good shows.
I watch Netflix, wish they had South Park, but they have a few good shows.	I never really got into Southpark though I do like the SImpsons. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear and is not mentioned.
I never really got into Southpark though I do like the SImpsons. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart doesn't appear and is not mentioned.	I have watched a lot of episodes, but never saw it. Do you still watch them ?
I have watched a lot of episodes, but never saw it. Do you still watch them ?	No, I haven't watched in a while. Pokemon is another thing I haven't watched in a long time. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!
No, I haven't watched in a while. Pokemon is another thing I haven't watched in a long time. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!	Me too I have stopped watching the Simpsons, because there were too much episode and they were getting less and less original. Yet they had less episodes than Pokemon, I wonder how they stay original.
Me too I have stopped watching the Simpsons, because there were too much episode and they were getting less and less original. Yet they had less episodes than Pokemon, I wonder how they stay original.	Yeah, I guess you are right. I don't think episodes of Pokemon vary that much. They are pretty much the same. That's probably why I got bored of them.
Yeah, I guess you are right. I don't think episodes of Pokemon vary that much. They are pretty much the same. That's probably why I got bored of them.	But there will always be kids to watch them, that's why they are still going after 750 episodes. Would you watch old black and white shows on Netflix ?
But there will always be kids to watch them, that's why they are still going after 750 episodes. Would you watch old black and white shows on Netflix ?	Yeah, there are some die hard fans out there. I do not watch black and white shows, no. What about you?
Yeah, there are some die hard fans out there. I do not watch black and white shows, no. What about you?	No, I don't think old black and white show were that good, except for a few exceptions, TV has evolved so much, for better (storytelling) or worse (3D TV).
No, I don't think old black and white show were that good, except for a few exceptions, TV has evolved so much, for better (storytelling) or worse (3D TV).	Right? One day I decided to put on old episodes of Sesame Street for my kids because I remembered that they were better than the current ones. But once I did I could not stand how blurry they were! I was like yikes, how did we watch that?
Right? One day I decided to put on old episodes of Sesame Street for my kids because I remembered that they were better than the current ones. But once I did I could not stand how blurry they were! I was like yikes, how did we watch that?	It is not just the image, it is the story telling that was slower, and the way is was filmed was very boring, few plans, probably because there was probably just one camera.
It is not just the image, it is the story telling that was slower, and the way is was filmed was very boring, few plans, probably because there was probably just one camera.	Yeah but it was magical for me at the time. Maybe what we watch now will seem prehistoric in a few years. Ha. I liked how Thomas the Tank Engine used to be stop motion. Now it is computer animated. Did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas the Tank Engine for at least 52 episodes each?
Yeah but it was magical for me at the time. Maybe what we watch now will seem prehistoric in a few years. Ha. I liked how Thomas the Tank Engine used to be stop motion. Now it is computer animated. Did you know that Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have all narrated Thomas the Tank Engine for at least 52 episodes each?	I thinks that's because everyone loves a good kid show. A good show is a good show for everyone. A bad show gets cancel really fast, like the English remake of That 70s show.
I thinks that's because everyone loves a good kid show. A good show is a good show for everyone. A bad show gets cancel really fast, like the English remake of That 70s show.	Haha, yeah, I can't imagine it being as fun in British English.
Haha, yeah, I can't imagine it being as fun in British English.	Yeah, it was verbatim, so they did not change the dialogue, so you would have an american dialogue with an English accent, that's what probably killed it. Not enough adaptation.
Yeah, it was verbatim, so they did not change the dialogue, so you would have an american dialogue with an English accent, that's what probably killed it. Not enough adaptation.	I agree. Do you ever watch TV on your cell phone? It's amazing what smartphones can do these days. One iphone has more computing power than the whole US nuclear icbm deterrent.
I agree. Do you ever watch TV on your cell phone? It's amazing what smartphones can do these days. One iphone has more computing power than the whole US nuclear icbm deterrent.	It was build in the 60s, it was the most capable computer at that time. But like today, cable were used to transmit data. But they were thicker.
It was build in the 60s, it was the most capable computer at that time. But like today, cable were used to transmit data. But they were thicker.	I wonder when cables carrying phone and internet data across the oceans were installed? They are only 2.7 inches in diameter and are on the ocean floors.
I wonder when cables carrying phone and internet data across the oceans were installed? They are only 2.7 inches in diameter and are on the ocean floors.	I think the first ones are quite old, but they still lay new ones, with fiber optics, they can be as thin as 2.7 inches.
I think the first ones are quite old, but they still lay new ones, with fiber optics, they can be as thin as 2.7 inches.	Interesting. I still remember using the rotary phone! New York's area code is 212 because that is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
Interesting. I still remember using the rotary phone! New York's area code is 212 because that is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.	Good morning, how are you?
Good morning, how are you?	Good morning! Did you know that in South Africa, it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking?
Good morning! Did you know that in South Africa, it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking?	I didn't, but it makes me want to move my trip to South Africa a little further down my bucket list. I found the provided information about cars to be quite interesting.
I didn't, but it makes me want to move my trip to South Africa a little further down my bucket list. I found the provided information about cars to be quite interesting.	Yes! And New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.
Yes! And New York's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone.	I'm not sure why it wouldn't be 111, but who am I to judge? I 'm a veteran, so the fact about why McDonalds added drive-thru windows has a little extra meaning!
I'm not sure why it wouldn't be 111, but who am I to judge? I 'm a veteran, so the fact about why McDonalds added drive-thru windows has a little extra meaning!	That's great! Thank you for your service! Yeah, and so influential - a lot of places followed their example.
That's great! Thank you for your service! Yeah, and so influential - a lot of places followed their example.	You're welcome! I can't wait get home and have my daughter try the separating two phonebooks trick. I think I knew that already, but it's nice to be reminded about things like that.
You're welcome! I can't wait get home and have my daughter try the separating two phonebooks trick. I think I knew that already, but it's nice to be reminded about things like that.	That sounds like fun. It's amazing that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear ICBM deterrent!
That sounds like fun. It's amazing that an iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear ICBM deterrent!	It's amazing and frightening, lol! How about Jann becoming a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in a video game? I didn't realize it would necessarily translate to actual driving!
It's amazing and frightening, lol! How about Jann becoming a professional race car driver by beating 90,000 people in a video game? I didn't realize it would necessarily translate to actual driving!	Yes, I had no idea! I wonder how that happened.
Yes, I had no idea! I wonder how that happened.	Some of the facts about television aren't very inspiring. Thomas the Tank? That's only interesting if you ever really saw it. They should have used some impressive stats, like global Super Bowl viewership or something.
Some of the facts about television aren't very inspiring. Thomas the Tank? That's only interesting if you ever really saw it. They should have used some impressive stats, like global Super Bowl viewership or something.	I didn't know there was an episode of The Simpsons without Bart. That's weird.
I didn't know there was an episode of The Simpsons without Bart. That's weird.	He is a very integral part of the show, so I'm a bit surprised, but there have been a LOT of episodes.
He is a very integral part of the show, so I'm a bit surprised, but there have been a LOT of episodes.	But all of the family members are usually included. I can't recall an episode where any of them were missing.
But all of the family members are usually included. I can't recall an episode where any of them were missing.	I enjoy Marge's sisters the best. I can do a perfect impression of them, lol. I think it's funny that the 70's show tanked in the UK. I never watched it myself, but it was wildly popular here in the US.
I enjoy Marge's sisters the best. I can do a perfect impression of them, lol. I think it's funny that the 70's show tanked in the UK. I never watched it myself, but it was wildly popular here in the US.	Yes, it's a very US kind of show. Patty and Selma - that's hilarious.
Yes, it's a very US kind of show. Patty and Selma - that's hilarious.	I think it's funny that they're complete messes, but they always judge Homer and tell Marge she'd be better off living like they do, lol.
I think it's funny that they're complete messes, but they always judge Homer and tell Marge she'd be better off living like they do, lol.	Yeah. I didn't know cars caught on faster in the US than in other parts of the world.
Yeah. I didn't know cars caught on faster in the US than in other parts of the world.	I was going to mention that too. Karl Benz patented them first, but Ford was widely accepted much more quickly. Goes to show how important the inventions of interchangeable parts and assembly lines were.
I was going to mention that too. Karl Benz patented them first, but Ford was widely accepted much more quickly. Goes to show how important the inventions of interchangeable parts and assembly lines were.	Yes, exactly. I guess that was Benz of Mercedes-Benz?
Yes, exactly. I guess that was Benz of Mercedes-Benz?	Yes, he's the one! I would imagine that the US would've lagged behind Europe had they adopted cars much more quickly.
Yes, he's the one! I would imagine that the US would've lagged behind Europe had they adopted cars much more quickly.	Yes, interesting to think about. It's been great talking to you! Have a good day!
Yes, interesting to think about. It's been great talking to you! Have a good day!	You too! Thank you so much! Hope you have a great day!
You too! Thank you so much! Hope you have a great day!	I read about a crazy woman who killed someone because the other driver was too slow.
I read about a crazy woman who killed someone because the other driver was too slow.	Is that the lady who got road rage simply because she wanted to make her car payment?
Is that the lady who got road rage simply because she wanted to make her car payment?	Yes. That was a strange road-rage incident.
Yes. That was a strange road-rage incident.	Maybe she needs one of Google's self-driving cars, as they have an aggressive mode.
Maybe she needs one of Google's self-driving cars, as they have an aggressive mode.	That was funny. She pleaded not guilty - due to what? Insanity?
That was funny. She pleaded not guilty - due to what? Insanity?	Most likely. People are crazy. I was reading about the man in New York who bought a property that had a barn full of classic cars. That would be heaven for us.
Most likely. People are crazy. I was reading about the man in New York who bought a property that had a barn full of classic cars. That would be heaven for us.	Do you think the seller was unwell just like that woman who ran over another driver because she wanted to make a car payment?
Do you think the seller was unwell just like that woman who ran over another driver because she wanted to make a car payment?	I think she just snapped. It happens. Mine would be from not realizing there was an icon on next to the pump symbol, that tells which side your gas tank is on.
I think she just snapped. It happens. Mine would be from not realizing there was an icon on next to the pump symbol, that tells which side your gas tank is on.	You would not snap like that woman though. Which country created the first car? Was it US or Germany?
You would not snap like that woman though. Which country created the first car? Was it US or Germany?	I don't know if I would, or if I wouldn't. The mind is a mysterious place. I think it the inventor Karl Benz, who was German
I don't know if I would, or if I wouldn't. The mind is a mysterious place. I think it the inventor Karl Benz, who was German	I see. I thought it was Ford, a US car manufacturer. I guess I was wrong.
I see. I thought it was Ford, a US car manufacturer. I guess I was wrong.	It may have been. I live in Ohio, and never realized that it was illegal to warm up my car in the winter.
It may have been. I live in Ohio, and never realized that it was illegal to warm up my car in the winter.	Is there such a law in Ohio? That is a strange law. Tell me more about.
Is there such a law in Ohio? That is a strange law. Tell me more about.	Do you know which phone manufacturer it is, that hires the London Symphony Orchestra to record ringtones?
Do you know which phone manufacturer it is, that hires the London Symphony Orchestra to record ringtones?	No, I do not know. But I know why New York chose 212 as their area code.
No, I do not know. But I know why New York chose 212 as their area code.	That's the quickest number to dial. New Yorkers are always in a hurry.
That's the quickest number to dial. New Yorkers are always in a hurry.	How could they be so lucky to get that number?
How could they be so lucky to get that number?	I'm sure there was a bribe in there somewhere. Dolphins can recognize another dolphin when communicating by phone.
I'm sure there was a bribe in there somewhere. Dolphins can recognize another dolphin when communicating by phone.	Is that another weird fact?
Is that another weird fact?	It is. I like these kinds of trivia. Just like the Actress, Hedy Lamarr helped invent wifi, cellphones and gps
It is. I like these kinds of trivia. Just like the Actress, Hedy Lamarr helped invent wifi, cellphones and gps	Okay. Those were amusing facts. I have to run. Nice chatting with you.
Okay. Those were amusing facts. I have to run. Nice chatting with you.	Hey there. I heard that Laura Ingraham is being sued. Did you hear that yet?
Hey there. I heard that Laura Ingraham is being sued. Did you hear that yet?	Yeah, I heard that Laura was very demanding and when her assistant got pregnant she was fired.
Yeah, I heard that Laura was very demanding and when her assistant got pregnant she was fired.	Exactly! I guess that the assistant was having her first child which is also a factor in the lawsuit. I guess the poor girl had to work 7 days a week most of the time.
Exactly! I guess that the assistant was having her first child which is also a factor in the lawsuit. I guess the poor girl had to work 7 days a week most of the time.	Yes, this does seem like a good case of pregnancy discrimination under FMLA and her district's Protecting Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.
Yes, this does seem like a good case of pregnancy discrimination under FMLA and her district's Protecting Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.	Yes, it sounds legit to me too. Karolina Wilson stated that Laura Ingraham was not easily satisfied but that she was always happy with Ms. Wilson's work.
Yes, it sounds legit to me too. Karolina Wilson stated that Laura Ingraham was not easily satisfied but that she was always happy with Ms. Wilson's work.	But Ingraham did let Wilson stay with the company for three weeks so she could get unemployment insurance. Hopefully this isn't just a case of a disgruntled worker who happened to be pregnant. What do you think?
But Ingraham did let Wilson stay with the company for three weeks so she could get unemployment insurance. Hopefully this isn't just a case of a disgruntled worker who happened to be pregnant. What do you think?	Hmm? That is a valid point. The report states that Ms. Wilson was also angry about the inability to have a private area to pump breast milk for her child.
Hmm? That is a valid point. The report states that Ms. Wilson was also angry about the inability to have a private area to pump breast milk for her child.	The company denies that Wilson was ever an efficient worker.
The company denies that Wilson was ever an efficient worker.	Oh, that changes things for sure. I am not sure that I see Laura Ingraham keeping an assistant more than a day whom she was not happy with.
Oh, that changes things for sure. I am not sure that I see Laura Ingraham keeping an assistant more than a day whom she was not happy with.	That is true. It's tricky because it seems it's mostly one person's word against another.
That is true. It's tricky because it seems it's mostly one person's word against another.	Yes, I totally agree! Laura Ingraham's company has less than 20 employees so I think the law changes for smaller companies also.
Yes, I totally agree! Laura Ingraham's company has less than 20 employees so I think the law changes for smaller companies also.	Apparently Ingraham gave Wilson assignments on the day she was going into labor. There may be proof in text.
Apparently Ingraham gave Wilson assignments on the day she was going into labor. There may be proof in text.	Yes, I agree!
Yes, I agree!	But who knows, maybe her replacement is actually a better worker.
But who knows, maybe her replacement is actually a better worker.	Yeah, that is America. We support fairness! I was eating lunch and remembering that Mcdonalds added drive-thru's to accommodate soldiers in 1975 who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. Thats fair!
Yeah, that is America. We support fairness! I was eating lunch and remembering that Mcdonalds added drive-thru's to accommodate soldiers in 1975 who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues. Thats fair!	Sure is! Too bad the drive thrus kind of backfired and made a lot of Americans very lazy, haha
Sure is! Too bad the drive thrus kind of backfired and made a lot of Americans very lazy, haha	HA! That is pretty true! Great point! All those hamburgers did not help obesity.
HA! That is pretty true! Great point! All those hamburgers did not help obesity.	Yeah, maybe we have to go back to the time before cars. It's surprising to believe that cars were just available to the masses only a little over a century ago. Before that most people walked and took animal drawn carriages and carts.
Yeah, maybe we have to go back to the time before cars. It's surprising to believe that cars were just available to the masses only a little over a century ago. Before that most people walked and took animal drawn carriages and carts.	Yeah, that is amazing! Well, it is almost like rotary phones that dialed 212 area code the fastest.
Yeah, that is amazing! Well, it is almost like rotary phones that dialed 212 area code the fastest.	I had one of those when I was little. I think it was after its time but my parents were too cheap to replace it.
I had one of those when I was little. I think it was after its time but my parents were too cheap to replace it.	That is a funny memory! Great!
That is a funny memory! Great!	Yeah, I even remember using the phonebook. Did you know it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped?
Yeah, I even remember using the phonebook. Did you know it's impossible to separate two phonebooks that have their pages overlapped?	How's it going, do you know 1886 is considered the birth year of the car?
How's it going, do you know 1886 is considered the birth year of the car?	Oh wow, I didn't know that. I was recently reading a story about a horrific car accident car, Yikes
Oh wow, I didn't know that. I was recently reading a story about a horrific car accident car, Yikes	That sounds terrible, that lady Elizabeth McKeown sound like she's mentally ill
That sounds terrible, that lady Elizabeth McKeown sound like she's mentally ill	Yes, exactly! She claims that she was in a hurry to make her car payment when she did this unthinkable act. She is being charged with first degree murder. It seems she has not regret either.
Yes, exactly! She claims that she was in a hurry to make her car payment when she did this unthinkable act. She is being charged with first degree murder. It seems she has not regret either.	It sounds terrible that she planned it out to trick Foster
It sounds terrible that she planned it out to trick Foster	Yeah, that was premeditated and I'm sure racks up the prison time. Well, so sad. I was getting ready to plan out my lunch today and was thinking about going out to McDonalds in a while. I have a really old Model T car that I sometimes drive
Yeah, that was premeditated and I'm sure racks up the prison time. Well, so sad. I was getting ready to plan out my lunch today and was thinking about going out to McDonalds in a while. I have a really old Model T car that I sometimes drive	That is a shame, I wonder what type of horror stories they have in South Africa since it is league to equip a flame thrower on your car there
That is a shame, I wonder what type of horror stories they have in South Africa since it is league to equip a flame thrower on your car there	Oh yeah! They have flamethrowers available in order to avoid car jackings!
Oh yeah! They have flamethrowers available in order to avoid car jackings!	Good thing the trunks of cars are no longer made of wood, that would be a bad combination
Good thing the trunks of cars are no longer made of wood, that would be a bad combination	Ha, yeah. Different kind of flame rolling down the road. I think it's kinda cool that Jann Mardenborough become a professional racecar driver based on learning a video game.
Ha, yeah. Different kind of flame rolling down the road. I think it's kinda cool that Jann Mardenborough become a professional racecar driver based on learning a video game.	I wonder if Jann Mardenborough races much in real cars after beating 90,000 people in Gran Turismo
I wonder if Jann Mardenborough races much in real cars after beating 90,000 people in Gran Turismo	Yeah prob seems like nothing compared, great point!
Yeah prob seems like nothing compared, great point!	Did you know that cadillac was named after the original founder of Detroit?
Did you know that cadillac was named after the original founder of Detroit?	Yes, I had heard that. It was the french explorer Antonie De La mother Cadillac. He is the father of Detroit, that is pretty cool.
Yes, I had heard that. It was the french explorer Antonie De La mother Cadillac. He is the father of Detroit, that is pretty cool.	Do you watch much tv? I'm a huge George Carlin fan, did you know he voiced Thomas the Tank Engine?
Do you watch much tv? I'm a huge George Carlin fan, did you know he voiced Thomas the Tank Engine?	I have watched lots of Thomas the TRain with my kids. I know that Ringo Starr is also a voice actor with Carlin, they make a funny pair.
I have watched lots of Thomas the TRain with my kids. I know that Ringo Starr is also a voice actor with Carlin, they make a funny pair.	I loved watching the Simpsons, there is only one episode that bart is never featured in
I loved watching the Simpsons, there is only one episode that bart is never featured in	Noway, that is a fun fact. I remember that South Park aired its final Family Guy episode and the crew from The Simpsons send flowers the other crew. AWWW
Noway, that is a fun fact. I remember that South Park aired its final Family Guy episode and the crew from The Simpsons send flowers the other crew. AWWW	Yea i remember that episode, it was pretty funny. Did you know that there is a UK version of that 70s show called "Days Like These"?
Yea i remember that episode, it was pretty funny. Did you know that there is a UK version of that 70s show called "Days Like These"?	Oh really? I thought it was canceled right away? People over her and over there must have a different sense of humor.lol. I liked Thats 70s Show myself though.
Oh really? I thought it was canceled right away? People over her and over there must have a different sense of humor.lol. I liked Thats 70s Show myself though.	Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	Hello! Have you ever been to the white house?
Hello! Have you ever been to the white house?	I have not. What about yourself?
I have not. What about yourself?	I recently have visited. Did you know the white house has a twin building in ireland and france?
I recently have visited. Did you know the white house has a twin building in ireland and france?	I think I read that somewhere. Did you get to see the solar panels?
I think I read that somewhere. Did you get to see the solar panels?	I did not look for them. I think George Bush put those on.
I did not look for them. I think George Bush put those on.	Did you know the Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD?
Did you know the Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD?	I find that hard to believe. I would think most presidents would have had higher education.
I find that hard to believe. I would think most presidents would have had higher education.	me too! And the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR
me too! And the last president to speak a foreign language was FDR	I bet it will be a requirement to speak spanish eventually.
I bet it will be a requirement to speak spanish eventually.	Probably so. in Guatemala if you are president, your close family members cannot run.
Probably so. in Guatemala if you are president, your close family members cannot run.	I wonder why they created that law.
I wonder why they created that law.	I honestly dont know! Do you watch the simpsons?
I honestly dont know! Do you watch the simpsons?	Yes, I have seen a few episodes.
Yes, I have seen a few episodes.	Did you know that in the first 400 episodes, Homer had 188 different jobs!
Did you know that in the first 400 episodes, Homer had 188 different jobs!	I would like to see his resume after all of that,
I would like to see his resume after all of that,	I know! And shark tank deals hardly ever go thru!
I know! And shark tank deals hardly ever go thru!	Did you know bart doesn't appear in only one episode?
Did you know bart doesn't appear in only one episode?	no! What episode is that? do you know?
no! What episode is that? do you know?	I am not sure.
I am not sure.	all of shakespeares plays have been adapted in to film except one!
all of shakespeares plays have been adapted in to film except one!	Which one?
Which one?	Hello, do you know much about presidents?
Hello, do you know much about presidents?	hey I know a little bit about fdr, I guess he was the last US president to speak a foreign language fluently
hey I know a little bit about fdr, I guess he was the last US president to speak a foreign language fluently	Yeah that seems strange to me. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah that seems strange to me. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	haha no I didn't know that how many albums did he make? I wonder if he has a phd like woodrow wilson did
haha no I didn't know that how many albums did he make? I wonder if he has a phd like woodrow wilson did	He has already released 3 albums but I am not sure how good he is, never listened to them
He has already released 3 albums but I am not sure how good he is, never listened to them	ah I'll have to look him up, have you ever been to guatemala? in that country close relatives of the president can never run for office
ah I'll have to look him up, have you ever been to guatemala? in that country close relatives of the president can never run for office	I have not been and I kind of like that rule. DO you know how the VP used to be elected?
I have not been and I kind of like that rule. DO you know how the VP used to be elected?	the vp was the runner up right? that would cause so much chaos these days if we still had that rule! imagine vp clinton right now! so much drama
the vp was the runner up right? that would cause so much chaos these days if we still had that rule! imagine vp clinton right now! so much drama	Oh my imagine that. Glad that rule does not exist anymore. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
Oh my imagine that. Glad that rule does not exist anymore. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	no I didn't know that, seems backwards, did you know that in total about 5 presidents have been elected even though they lost the popular vote?
no I didn't know that, seems backwards, did you know that in total about 5 presidents have been elected even though they lost the popular vote?	Yeah I still do not get all the reasons behind that but I guess that is how the system works. DId you know the White House still uses floppy discs?
Yeah I still do not get all the reasons behind that but I guess that is how the system works. DId you know the White House still uses floppy discs?	wow that is very primitive tech, I like knowing though that the very first phone number was for the white house, and that number was 1 haha
wow that is very primitive tech, I like knowing though that the very first phone number was for the white house, and that number was 1 haha	hahah nice one. Roosevelt apparently did not allow Christmas trees in the white house. Must have been a sad Christmas
hahah nice one. Roosevelt apparently did not allow Christmas trees in the white house. Must have been a sad Christmas	ya that seems like a lame xmas haha, interesting that Carter put all the thermostats in the white house to 65 in the winter, that also sounds like a sad xmas haha
ya that seems like a lame xmas haha, interesting that Carter put all the thermostats in the white house to 65 in the winter, that also sounds like a sad xmas haha	Yeah, wow maybe he did not like it warm in there. George Bush on the other hand put the solar panels back, I like that one
Yeah, wow maybe he did not like it warm in there. George Bush on the other hand put the solar panels back, I like that one	haha that is interesting and useful, can you believe someone built a replica of the whitehouse? In alabama of all places, I wonder why
haha that is interesting and useful, can you believe someone built a replica of the whitehouse? In alabama of all places, I wonder why	Oh, they must have liked it a lot. So I guess the twin buildings are not just in Ireland and France then
Oh, they must have liked it a lot. So I guess the twin buildings are not just in Ireland and France then	oh nice, ya thats crazy there is more than one, its cool too you can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they will send a reply!
oh nice, ya thats crazy there is more than one, its cool too you can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they will send a reply!	cool one. On another topic, do you watch TV?
cool one. On another topic, do you watch TV?	ya I watch it from time to time, I used to watch shark tank until I learned it was fake, what about yoU?
ya I watch it from time to time, I used to watch shark tank until I learned it was fake, what about yoU?	I like the Simpsons quite a bit actually.
I like the Simpsons quite a bit actually.	Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)	hello how are you? did u know The last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
hello how are you? did u know The last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr	Yeah, I've heard something like that, but I don't know what language he spoke ?
Yeah, I've heard something like that, but I don't know what language he spoke ?	me either! 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. greatest margin 10%
me either! 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. greatest margin 10%	cool beans... so hey, one of the facts here is that the white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files - aren't floppy disks easy exposed to be damaged ? Or to easy have corrupted data... why would white house do that... ?
cool beans... so hey, one of the facts here is that the white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files - aren't floppy disks easy exposed to be damaged ? Or to easy have corrupted data... why would white house do that... ?	true. I have no clue, maybe they carefully store the floppy disks somewhere safe. It seems there are other more reliable ways to store data though.
true. I have no clue, maybe they carefully store the floppy disks somewhere safe. It seems there are other more reliable ways to store data though.	Absolutely... I mean even dust can damage the magnetic data carrier... god forbid there is a magnet somewhere close by...
Absolutely... I mean even dust can damage the magnetic data carrier... god forbid there is a magnet somewhere close by...	Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and john wilkes booth was in that photo.
Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and john wilkes booth was in that photo.	There was probably many booths in that photo... I say it's coincident...
There was probably many booths in that photo... I say it's coincident...	President jimmy carter turned all white house thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.
President jimmy carter turned all white house thermostats down to 65 degrees during the winter of 1977.	65 is still quite warm... when You live in NY and have to pay for oil, 65 is a luxury ! How hot is in Your house ?
65 is still quite warm... when You live in NY and have to pay for oil, 65 is a luxury ! How hot is in Your house ?	My house is cold, we don't use the heat at all cuz its so expensive, I use blankets, robes, thick socks.
My house is cold, we don't use the heat at all cuz its so expensive, I use blankets, robes, thick socks.	Vodka ?
Vodka ?	Yes alcohol is warming. You can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they'll send you a congratulations card back
Yes alcohol is warming. You can mail a birth announcement to the white house and they'll send you a congratulations card back	That's cool - I didn't know that... if would be nice to get a check for million dollars as well, but hey... card is nice too... :)
That's cool - I didn't know that... if would be nice to get a check for million dollars as well, but hey... card is nice too... :)	lol right. The very first phone number of the white house was "1".
lol right. The very first phone number of the white house was "1".	I don't get that one... what do You mean ?
I don't get that one... what do You mean ?	You just dialed 1. Ive seen it in old movies, they literally just dial one to get to the white house.
You just dialed 1. Ive seen it in old movies, they literally just dial one to get to the white house.	hold on... any American could dial "1" and would be calling white house ?
hold on... any American could dial "1" and would be calling white house ?	Well it would go to an operator or security line. That person would connect you to who you wanted to talk to. There is a replica of the white house in atlanta which was built as a private home
Well it would go to an operator or security line. That person would connect you to who you wanted to talk to. There is a replica of the white house in atlanta which was built as a private home	Oh that's cool - did the guy who built it need any permissions to do that ? I wonder...
Oh that's cool - did the guy who built it need any permissions to do that ? I wonder...	great talking to you!
great talking to you!	Hi and good evening. You like to watch tv? I think it's come a long wat, from black and white to vibrant color.
Hi and good evening. You like to watch tv? I think it's come a long wat, from black and white to vibrant color.	Oh, I love TV. It's like having a friend you can see whenever you want, especially in the age of streaming. You can watch anything from South Park to the news.
Oh, I love TV. It's like having a friend you can see whenever you want, especially in the age of streaming. You can watch anything from South Park to the news.	True so much variety. Speaking of South Park when it aired it's family guy episode finale, the producers got flowers from the simpson's crew.
True so much variety. Speaking of South Park when it aired it's family guy episode finale, the producers got flowers from the simpson's crew.	That's a nice gift for making fun of how silly Family Guy is. Did you know that there's only one episode of The Simpson where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned? Seems very deliberate.
That's a nice gift for making fun of how silly Family Guy is. Did you know that there's only one episode of The Simpson where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned? Seems very deliberate.	Very deliberate indeed but why? Also there are over 700 episodes of Pokemon!
Very deliberate indeed but why? Also there are over 700 episodes of Pokemon!	That;s so many! Far more than the attempt to remake That 70's Show verbatim in the UK; it only lasted 10 episodes before cancellation.
That;s so many! Far more than the attempt to remake That 70's Show verbatim in the UK; it only lasted 10 episodes before cancellation.	Yeah they shouldn't have done that! The UK audience must not have been receptive. Are you familiar with Thomas the Tank Engine?
Yeah they shouldn't have done that! The UK audience must not have been receptive. Are you familiar with Thomas the Tank Engine?	I feel like I only saw it a few times on PBS as a child, back when Ringo Starr was the conductor.
I feel like I only saw it a few times on PBS as a child, back when Ringo Starr was the conductor.	Oh yeah cool. Looks like Alec Baldwin and George Carlin also narrated the show!
Oh yeah cool. Looks like Alec Baldwin and George Carlin also narrated the show!	That's cool, especially considering that they all come from different parts of show business. Maybe they can have a reality star like the President narrate if it gets rebooted haha
That's cool, especially considering that they all come from different parts of show business. Maybe they can have a reality star like the President narrate if it gets rebooted haha	That would be interesting! Speaking of the president, the guest house at the white house is larger than the white house itself.
That would be interesting! Speaking of the president, the guest house at the white house is larger than the white house itself.	That must irk him, considering his background is real estate. Did you know he's not even one of the three wealthiest Presidents? Those were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
That must irk him, considering his background is real estate. Did you know he's not even one of the three wealthiest Presidents? Those were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Yes accounting for inflation I may believe that but I also think that list may not include Trump.I wonder how wealthy banana was? He was the first president in Zimbabwe!
Yes accounting for inflation I may believe that but I also think that list may not include Trump.I wonder how wealthy banana was? He was the first president in Zimbabwe!	Well, he's also never released his tax returns. Maybe he'll release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia has.
Well, he's also never released his tax returns. Maybe he'll release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia has.	Yeah that might increase his popularity. It is good it's not 1805 because Clinton would be Trumps vice lol!
Yeah that might increase his popularity. It is good it's not 1805 because Clinton would be Trumps vice lol!	Well, she probably knows the West Wing better than him since she already spent 8 years there. I wonder why she never got around to re-installing solar panels while she was there--it took until George W. Bush for it to happen after Reagan had removed them in the 80s.
Well, she probably knows the West Wing better than him since she already spent 8 years there. I wonder why she never got around to re-installing solar panels while she was there--it took until George W. Bush for it to happen after Reagan had removed them in the 80s.	Yeah I think they are a good idea. I think it's odd the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.
Yeah I think they are a good idea. I think it's odd the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France.	That is a bit strange, although not as bad as some parts of the White House still using floppy disks for storage. I guess it's for security?
That is a bit strange, although not as bad as some parts of the White House still using floppy disks for storage. I guess it's for security?	Haha no idea very old school and outdated. Wonder what files they store on them?
Haha no idea very old school and outdated. Wonder what files they store on them?	They can't be very large, but you only need a simple program for passwords haha. Speaking of security, did you know it took the Secret Service 4 days to figure out that bullets had struck the White House in November 2011?
They can't be very large, but you only need a simple program for passwords haha. Speaking of security, did you know it took the Secret Service 4 days to figure out that bullets had struck the White House in November 2011?	That is very scary and I bet someone lost their job over that lol. It was nice talking with you today! Bye!
That is very scary and I bet someone lost their job over that lol. It was nice talking with you today! Bye!	Have a pleasant weekend!
Have a pleasant weekend!	good morning to you!
good morning to you!	Donald Trump commuted Alice Johnson's sentence after discussion with Kim Kardashian West.
Donald Trump commuted Alice Johnson's sentence after discussion with Kim Kardashian West.	i saw that, what did you think about him doing that?
i saw that, what did you think about him doing that?	It seems like people find a reason to condemn anything he does. If he didn't, he would have been called heartless.
It seems like people find a reason to condemn anything he does. If he didn't, he would have been called heartless.	I agree, I think that even though she committed a crime, she was way too harshly punished
I agree, I think that even though she committed a crime, she was way too harshly punished	He is also accused of rolling back Obama's criminal justice changes. But Obama's were all done under executive order, not through Congress.
He is also accused of rolling back Obama's criminal justice changes. But Obama's were all done under executive order, not through Congress.	yea I just think Trump shouldnt be taking so much from law enforcement and throwing it onto illegal immigration. I agree the federal prison system is flawed, but illegal immigration isnt the #1 threat our country is facing
yea I just think Trump shouldnt be taking so much from law enforcement and throwing it onto illegal immigration. I agree the federal prison system is flawed, but illegal immigration isnt the #1 threat our country is facing	Trump wants changes to be through legislation, which is how it should be. His critics seem to believe the ends justify the means.
Trump wants changes to be through legislation, which is how it should be. His critics seem to believe the ends justify the means.	I do agree with that, they should use the proper channels to get thigns passed. Did you know that Trump isnt even one of the 3 richest presidents in history?
I do agree with that, they should use the proper channels to get thigns passed. Did you know that Trump isnt even one of the 3 richest presidents in history?	That's surprising. JFK is one of the top three, although I don't recall anyone criticizing him for his wealth, which also got from his daddy.
That's surprising. JFK is one of the top three, although I don't recall anyone criticizing him for his wealth, which also got from his daddy.	I think back there were less eyes on the personal lives of the president. Like even George W Bush has solar panels installed when he was living in the White House. A fact that no one seems to bring up
I think back there were less eyes on the personal lives of the president. Like even George W Bush has solar panels installed when he was living in the White House. A fact that no one seems to bring up	Ecological trends seem to come and go. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House.
Ecological trends seem to come and go. Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the White House.	that seems ridiculous to me. almost as ridiculous as the White House still using floppy discs to store data
that seems ridiculous to me. almost as ridiculous as the White House still using floppy discs to store data	Technology lives longer than anyone expects. I was surprised that television moved from analog to digital.
Technology lives longer than anyone expects. I was surprised that television moved from analog to digital.	some tech stays around for awhile, like faxes, but other tech like TV moves so rapidly. Like just 60 years ago black and white tv was the gold standard
some tech stays around for awhile, like faxes, but other tech like TV moves so rapidly. Like just 60 years ago black and white tv was the gold standard	And CRT's were the television display technology. Now it's LED.
And CRT's were the television display technology. Now it's LED.	i suppose the huge advances can be somewhat credited to how much advertises rely on tv to reach their customers
i suppose the huge advances can be somewhat credited to how much advertises rely on tv to reach their customers	Television shows are a way that celebrities in other artistic areas can reach audiences. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin each did over 50 episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine.
Television shows are a way that celebrities in other artistic areas can reach audiences. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin each did over 50 episodes of Thomas the Tank Engine.	that's awesome to me, such unrelated people all ding the same show. Pokemon has over 750 episodes which is a crazy amount of content to have
that's awesome to me, such unrelated people all ding the same show. Pokemon has over 750 episodes which is a crazy amount of content to have	But success isn't guaranteed. The UK version of That 70's Show was cancelled after ten episodes.
But success isn't guaranteed. The UK version of That 70's Show was cancelled after ten episodes.	I didnt know they had their own version! I'll have to go check that out
I didnt know they had their own version! I'll have to go check that out	Maybe you can find the one episode of The Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned.
Maybe you can find the one episode of The Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned.	Do you watch tv frequently?
Do you watch tv frequently?	I do a little bit. How about you? I used to love that 70 show. Its one of my all time favorites.
I do a little bit. How about you? I used to love that 70 show. Its one of my all time favorites.	That is a classic. Too bad the UK remake couldn't live up to its success
That is a classic. Too bad the UK remake couldn't live up to its success	I know. Guess it just didnt translate. I always liked the simpsons as well. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt metioned or doesnt make an appearance?
I know. Guess it just didnt translate. I always liked the simpsons as well. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt metioned or doesnt make an appearance?	I think that was the women's history special
I think that was the women's history special	It might have been> Lol. Did you know that george carlin ringo starr and alec baldwin have all narrated for thomas the tand engine. My son just loves that show.
It might have been> Lol. Did you know that george carlin ringo starr and alec baldwin have all narrated for thomas the tand engine. My son just loves that show.	Is it still airing? I myself only watched an episode or two
Is it still airing? I myself only watched an episode or two	I believe it is. We dont have cable right now but Im sure it is still airing. Are you a pokemon fan?
I believe it is. We dont have cable right now but Im sure it is still airing. Are you a pokemon fan?	I am. They have gone over 1000 episodes
I am. They have gone over 1000 episodes	Actually I think they have been airing the show for 1 years straight and made 50 a year, so I think they only have 750 episodes.
Actually I think they have been airing the show for 1 years straight and made 50 a year, so I think they only have 750 episodes.	Well the show is still ongoing
Well the show is still ongoing	Did you know that it took seret service 4 days to realize the white house had been shot after 911
Did you know that it took seret service 4 days to realize the white house had been shot after 911	Well the time after 911 was chaotic and I am just happy no one got injured
Well the time after 911 was chaotic and I am just happy no one got injured	A bunch of people got injured on 911. The white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files.
A bunch of people got injured on 911. The white house still uses floppy disks in part for storing files.	Ironically, those outdated floppy disk are are a great security against hacking
Ironically, those outdated floppy disk are are a great security against hacking	I knew there had to be some reason or it. I guess the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france. I wonder if the president stays there when he visits?
I knew there had to be some reason or it. I guess the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france. I wonder if the president stays there when he visits?	Perhaps they use those twin buildings in movies where they show the white house
Perhaps they use those twin buildings in movies where they show the white house	Im suI wonder if those buildings have solar panels like the real white house does. George bush had solar reinstalled to the white house.re they do.
Im suI wonder if those buildings have solar panels like the real white house does. George bush had solar reinstalled to the white house.re they do.	I wonder if the white house still bans christmas trees from the time of roosevelt
I wonder if the white house still bans christmas trees from the time of roosevelt	I think that was just Roosevelt who did that. I heard that the 3 wealthist presidents were JFK Washington and Jefferson. Im surprised trumps not on the list.
I think that was just Roosevelt who did that. I heard that the 3 wealthist presidents were JFK Washington and Jefferson. Im surprised trumps not on the list.	Well trump has gone bankrupt on several occasions. Anyway, thanks for chatting.
Well trump has gone bankrupt on several occasions. Anyway, thanks for chatting.	Hello. I've been research politics of late. Did you know that the office of president has different powers in different countries?
Hello. I've been research politics of late. Did you know that the office of president has different powers in different countries?	I did not know that, that's really interesting.
I did not know that, that's really interesting.	I think so too. I guess I always assumed when I saw a president from another country on tv that they were like ours but that may not be the case at all.
I think so too. I guess I always assumed when I saw a president from another country on tv that they were like ours but that may not be the case at all.	Did you know that Woodrow Wilson is the only US President to have a PHD? I thought our presidents would be more scholarly.
Did you know that Woodrow Wilson is the only US President to have a PHD? I thought our presidents would be more scholarly.	No I didn't know that. I agree with you though. I thought they would be too. It would seem to me that to get to lead the country you would have to be knowledgeable.
No I didn't know that. I agree with you though. I thought they would be too. It would seem to me that to get to lead the country you would have to be knowledgeable.	The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. I wonder what language he spoke?
The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. I wonder what language he spoke?	That to me is very surprising. If they don't have phds I would at least think they could speak more than one language, at least a little. I think it was probably spanish but I don't really know.
That to me is very surprising. If they don't have phds I would at least think they could speak more than one language, at least a little. I think it was probably spanish but I don't really know.	That sounds right. Did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration. Can you guess who else was in that photo?
That sounds right. Did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration. Can you guess who else was in that photo?	Oh I do know this and it is so bizarre! It was John Wilkes Boothe, right?
Oh I do know this and it is so bizarre! It was John Wilkes Boothe, right?	Indeed it was! That is such a weird coincidence that he was in it.
Indeed it was! That is such a weird coincidence that he was in it.	It definitely is. Say, did you know that Washington and Jefferson are two of the wealthiest presidents in our history?
It definitely is. Say, did you know that Washington and Jefferson are two of the wealthiest presidents in our history?	I've heard that, and JFK is up there too isn't he?
I've heard that, and JFK is up there too isn't he?	Yes, but I've always been more surprised about Washington and Jefferson to be honest. JFK was a Kennedy and they are super rich so it's really no surprise about him.
Yes, but I've always been more surprised about Washington and Jefferson to be honest. JFK was a Kennedy and they are super rich so it's really no surprise about him.	They were both probably wealthy land owners. Do you know who the first president to live in the White House?
They were both probably wealthy land owners. Do you know who the first president to live in the White House?	You know I actually don't. Who was it?
You know I actually don't. Who was it?	John Adams, in 1800!
John Adams, in 1800!	That's interesting. I do know that for some weird reason there are duplicate white houses in Ireland and France.
That's interesting. I do know that for some weird reason there are duplicate white houses in Ireland and France.	I've heard that. There's also a replica stateside in Atlanta which was built as a private home.
I've heard that. There's also a replica stateside in Atlanta which was built as a private home.	Do you know who built it? I like that the real one is solar energy powered. That's a good thing.
Do you know who built it? I like that the real one is solar energy powered. That's a good thing.	I'm not sure who built it. I'd like to see it though. Jimmy Carter actually had solar panels installed on the White House...and Ronald Reagan had them removed!
I'm not sure who built it. I'd like to see it though. Jimmy Carter actually had solar panels installed on the White House...and Ronald Reagan had them removed!	True but at least George W. Bush put them back on.
True but at least George W. Bush put them back on.	Do you know who Steve Bannon is?
Do you know who Steve Bannon is?	I think so. He worked for the Trump campaign didn't he? What do you know about him?
I think so. He worked for the Trump campaign didn't he? What do you know about him?	Not much really he was Trumps chief strategist so he must be pretty good at his job, if he could make someone like Trump win then he does miracles lol
Not much really he was Trumps chief strategist so he must be pretty good at his job, if he could make someone like Trump win then he does miracles lol	Yeah I would say so! I guess he also ran the website Breitbart, which is a very conservative website. And Trump tried to downplay his contributions I guess.
Yeah I would say so! I guess he also ran the website Breitbart, which is a very conservative website. And Trump tried to downplay his contributions I guess.	Well Trump is full with suprises, did you know his not on the list of top 3 wealthiest presidents?
Well Trump is full with suprises, did you know his not on the list of top 3 wealthiest presidents?	Wow that is surprising! I think the other three are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington right? They must have taken inflation into account
Wow that is surprising! I think the other three are JFK, Jefferson, and Washington right? They must have taken inflation into account	That makes sense, Trump is really rich but theres also a lot of secrecy with his finances so its hard to tell
That makes sense, Trump is really rich but theres also a lot of secrecy with his finances so its hard to tell	Yep that's true. Have you ever visited the white house before? Do you know what the Guesthouse is? Apparently it's bigger than the White House itself
Yep that's true. Have you ever visited the white house before? Do you know what the Guesthouse is? Apparently it's bigger than the White House itself	Bigger than the white house? wow! I heard the White House has solar panels in the roof, George W Bush had them placed back on the White House
Bigger than the white house? wow! I heard the White House has solar panels in the roof, George W Bush had them placed back on the White House	Oh wow that's interesting! I think that Jimmy Carter put them on initially, then Megan took them off, then I think George W put them back on actually, I'm just shocked that the White House still uses floppy disks, now those are outdated technology!
Oh wow that's interesting! I think that Jimmy Carter put them on initially, then Megan took them off, then I think George W put them back on actually, I'm just shocked that the White House still uses floppy disks, now those are outdated technology!	It sounds outdated and it is but I guess its hard to hack, maybe they use them for security reasons, Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the White House, sounds like someone wanted to be like the grinch
It sounds outdated and it is but I guess its hard to hack, maybe they use them for security reasons, Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the White House, sounds like someone wanted to be like the grinch	Haha I can see that, I actually do like Teddy Roosevelt I'm shocked that he did that, but he was a conservationist so it makes sense, would you ever visit the White House twin buildings? One is in Ireland and one is in France
Haha I can see that, I actually do like Teddy Roosevelt I'm shocked that he did that, but he was a conservationist so it makes sense, would you ever visit the White House twin buildings? One is in Ireland and one is in France	That would be interesting I knew about the one in France but didnt know Ireland had one as well, I guess I would like to go to France first,
That would be interesting I knew about the one in France but didnt know Ireland had one as well, I guess I would like to go to France first,	If I were in France I would probably check it out. It's probably not as busy as the real White House. Do you remember when it took the Secret Service realized that the White House had been shot at. They finally found thebullet holes 4 days later
If I were in France I would probably check it out. It's probably not as busy as the real White House. Do you remember when it took the Secret Service realized that the White House had been shot at. They finally found thebullet holes 4 days later	And I bet someone got fired that day lol how can they miss that, I bet the president wasnt happy about that,
And I bet someone got fired that day lol how can they miss that, I bet the president wasnt happy about that,	Haha no I don't think so. Do you ever watch television by the way? Have you seen the way that Southpark skewers current events, that's one of my favorite shows
Haha no I don't think so. Do you ever watch television by the way? Have you seen the way that Southpark skewers current events, that's one of my favorite shows	Ilike Southpark so funny! they seem to have a good relationship with the Simpsons crew
Ilike Southpark so funny! they seem to have a good relationship with the Simpsons crew	I agree with you! Did you ever see the episode where South Park was making fun of Family Guy? That one is so awesome, and then afterwards the Simpsons creators sent South Park Flowers
I agree with you! Did you ever see the episode where South Park was making fun of Family Guy? That one is so awesome, and then afterwards the Simpsons creators sent South Park Flowers	I did catch that one but I bet it was awesome, I might look it over, did you ever watch Pokemon?
I did catch that one but I bet it was awesome, I might look it over, did you ever watch Pokemon?	I watched it as a kid! I always loved that show but it was on so early I never got to watch it too much, but now I know there are about 800 episodes, I'll never be able to catch up LOL
I watched it as a kid! I always loved that show but it was on so early I never got to watch it too much, but now I know there are about 800 episodes, I'll never be able to catch up LOL	I agree, too many Pokemons by now, Pikachu used to be my favorite and now there are so many, its been 16 years since the creation of the show.
I agree, too many Pokemons by now, Pikachu used to be my favorite and now there are so many, its been 16 years since the creation of the show.	I agree with you! And I don't like any of the new Pokemon myself, I only like the original 151, do you ever watch The Simpsons? Have you seen the episode without Bart?
I agree with you! And I don't like any of the new Pokemon myself, I only like the original 151, do you ever watch The Simpsons? Have you seen the episode without Bart?	Do you know that Trump is not the wealthiest president?
Do you know that Trump is not the wealthiest president?	Really?Who is?
Really?Who is?	Three presidents were mentioned in the article: jfk, washington and jefferson.
Three presidents were mentioned in the article: jfk, washington and jefferson.	Wow. I wonder what the difference between them is. I know Trump got $400M from his dad. Is that counted in the amount?
Wow. I wonder what the difference between them is. I know Trump got $400M from his dad. Is that counted in the amount?	I don't know but I'm sure inflation was included in the calculation.
I don't know but I'm sure inflation was included in the calculation.	Woodrow wilson was the only phd and president.
Woodrow wilson was the only phd and president.	I did not know that. An Indonesian president released 3 pop music albums while he was in office.
I did not know that. An Indonesian president released 3 pop music albums while he was in office.	He must be talented. Lincoln was photographed with John wilkes booth. How strange.
He must be talented. Lincoln was photographed with John wilkes booth. How strange.	That was strange. Apparently, the US President's guest house is bigger than the White House.
That was strange. Apparently, the US President's guest house is bigger than the White House.	Wow. I wonder why? 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still wond the presidency.
Wow. I wonder why? 5 presidents have lost the popular vote but still wond the presidency.	Trump is one of them. Before 1805, in the US, the runner up in a presidentialt election automatically became the vice president.
Trump is one of them. Before 1805, in the US, the runner up in a presidentialt election automatically became the vice president.	HA! Can you imagine trump and hilary trying to work together? Seems odd.
HA! Can you imagine trump and hilary trying to work together? Seems odd.	I was thinking exactly the same thing. They would probably physically wrestle every day.
I was thinking exactly the same thing. They would probably physically wrestle every day.	But who would win. I am not sure it would be Trump...
But who would win. I am not sure it would be Trump...	Trump, of course. John Kelly would have to separate them. Luckily , after 1805, the rule changed.
Trump, of course. John Kelly would have to separate them. Luckily , after 1805, the rule changed.	Yeah! Weekend update was on SNL's first episode? I had no clue!
Yeah! Weekend update was on SNL's first episode? I had no clue!	I did not know either. They enjoyed making fun of presidents. Another funny fact: the first Zimbabwe president was called President Banana. I do not know why.
I did not know either. They enjoyed making fun of presidents. Another funny fact: the first Zimbabwe president was called President Banana. I do not know why.	I feel like of all the fruits, banana is the most disrespectful.
I feel like of all the fruits, banana is the most disrespectful.	Why is that? I'm curious to know.
Why is that? I'm curious to know.	President Apple sounds acceptable. President Banana seems like they are making fun of him. President Starfruit is ok, just no banana.
President Apple sounds acceptable. President Banana seems like they are making fun of him. President Starfruit is ok, just no banana.	Oh, okay. You are funny. One more fact before I said goodbye: Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees at the white house. Nice talking to you. Have a nice evening.
Oh, okay. You are funny. One more fact before I said goodbye: Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas trees at the white house. Nice talking to you. Have a nice evening.	Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !
Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You !	Same; Do you follow the NFL?
Same; Do you follow the NFL?	Not really, I'm from Europe - I prefer soccer :) You're NFL fan ?
Not really, I'm from Europe - I prefer soccer :) You're NFL fan ?	Yes; Do you have a favorite QB?
Yes; Do you have a favorite QB?	Not really, they all look the same to me ;) do You ?
Not really, they all look the same to me ;) do You ?	I like Tom Brady of the Patriots
I like Tom Brady of the Patriots	Yeah, now wherever I go people say his name... is he really that good ?
Yeah, now wherever I go people say his name... is he really that good ?	Many say he is the greatest of all time but he sat the bench in high school
Many say he is the greatest of all time but he sat the bench in high school	What, he was shy or something ? ;) lol
What, he was shy or something ? ;) lol	No, I don't think his coach recognized his talent back then.
No, I don't think his coach recognized his talent back then.	Maybe he still needed some pointers on how to get really good at it ?
Maybe he still needed some pointers on how to get really good at it ?	I am hoping he wins his 5th title this year.
I am hoping he wins his 5th title this year.	5th ? wow... how old is he again ?
5th ? wow... how old is he again ?	I believe he is 40 years old now
I believe he is 40 years old now	wow... for an athlete... he doesn't think about retirement ?
wow... for an athlete... he doesn't think about retirement ?	There were thoughts he might have before this season but I am thinking maybe this is his last season but who knows but him
There were thoughts he might have before this season but I am thinking maybe this is his last season but who knows but him	With the money he already made I would retire long time ago ;) but that's just me ;)
With the money he already made I would retire long time ago ;) but that's just me ;)	Me too; His wife is a supermodel and rich in her own right too.
Me too; His wife is a supermodel and rich in her own right too.	Lucky bastard... must be nice to have it all ;) lol... now I'm depressed...
Lucky bastard... must be nice to have it all ;) lol... now I'm depressed...	I don't like many of the new rookie QBs like Baker Mayfield
I don't like many of the new rookie QBs like Baker Mayfield	Why what's wrong with them ? lazy primadonnas ? :)
Why what's wrong with them ? lazy primadonnas ? :)	I will be rooting for my favorite QB this weekend for sure!
I will be rooting for my favorite QB this weekend for sure!	A quarterback (commonly abbreviated "QB") is a position in American and Canadian football.
A quarterback (commonly abbreviated "QB") is a position in American and Canadian football.	I am a huge Brady fan, he is the best QB of all time!
I am a huge Brady fan, he is the best QB of all time!	you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl
you know Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl	I didn't know that; I though Tebow was left handed?
I didn't know that; I though Tebow was left handed?	yes
yes	This season is winding down and Alex Smith will be watching from home with his injury.
This season is winding down and Alex Smith will be watching from home with his injury.	Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat
Babies spontaneously dance when they hear music, and smile more when they hit the beat	Yeah I always found it weird how they naturally just start dancing to music. I wonder why.
Yeah I always found it weird how they naturally just start dancing to music. I wonder why.	because its baby
because its baby	I heard once that Bruce Lee, the kung fu actor, was actually a champion dancer too
I heard once that Bruce Lee, the kung fu actor, was actually a champion dancer too	yes sure
yes sure	Are you a good dancer?
Are you a good dancer?	no i am not a good dancer you
no i am not a good dancer you	I am horrible; I look like a deer that just got hit by a car in the rear end when I dance
I am horrible; I look like a deer that just got hit by a car in the rear end when I dance	ohh ok
ohh ok	I went to school with Tupac and remember how good he was at not only singing but dancing too
I went to school with Tupac and remember how good he was at not only singing but dancing too	you knowThe National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC)
you knowThe National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC)	Yes, the season is almost over for the year; Playoffs start soon
Yes, the season is almost over for the year; Playoffs start soon	yes
yes	Who is your favorite team?
Who is your favorite team?	not particular favorite team just watch
not particular favorite team just watch	Merry Xmas
Merry Xmas	Are you familiar with the NFL?
Are you familiar with the NFL?	Only a little. Do you follow it?
Only a little. Do you follow it?	I watch it when it is on and I have a passing knowledge of the nfl, which is among the 4 major sports league in north America, but I don't follow it dedicatedly. How about you?
I watch it when it is on and I have a passing knowledge of the nfl, which is among the 4 major sports league in north America, but I don't follow it dedicatedly. How about you?	Some. I read that Alex Smith is playing really well right now.
Some. I read that Alex Smith is playing really well right now.	I hear he may not be the flashiest, but he is a solid starter with overwhelming raw ability, which is often overlooked.
I hear he may not be the flashiest, but he is a solid starter with overwhelming raw ability, which is often overlooked.	I don't know that he really liked San francisco. He never really played well there.
I don't know that he really liked San francisco. He never really played well there.	So what position do you pay most attention to in football?
So what position do you pay most attention to in football?	Probably QB. Smith has a great deal of raw ability, for some reason he just doesn't show it.
Probably QB. Smith has a great deal of raw ability, for some reason he just doesn't show it.	I concur. I believe the QB is the core of the team's offensive so it is definitely an important position.
I concur. I believe the QB is the core of the team's offensive so it is definitely an important position.	I think kansas city is going to try hard to win this year. Do you watch them?
I think kansas city is going to try hard to win this year. Do you watch them?	I do not, but I would like to hear more
I do not, but I would like to hear more	They are raising money for the boys and girls club to help their standing.
They are raising money for the boys and girls club to help their standing.	That is very nice of them. Anything else?
That is very nice of them. Anything else?	no not much. Do you know Tom brady?
no not much. Do you know Tom brady?	Yes, he is a phenomenal player on the the new england patriots
Yes, he is a phenomenal player on the the new england patriots	he is. I don't think he ever got to start in high school.
he is. I don't think he ever got to start in high school.	He was one of those hidden gems that performed phenomenally once he was officially recruited. He is one of only two quarterback players to win the superbowl during their first term as a starter
He was one of those hidden gems that performed phenomenally once he was officially recruited. He is one of only two quarterback players to win the superbowl during their first term as a starter	Thats pretty cool! Smith that we were talking about earlier? Took so many Ap tests he started school as a junior!
Thats pretty cool! Smith that we were talking about earlier? Took so many Ap tests he started school as a junior!	Wow I didn't know that. very different backgrounds, yet both Smith and Brady are without a doubt impressive players.
Wow I didn't know that. very different backgrounds, yet both Smith and Brady are without a doubt impressive players.	They really are. The huddle they use today? Was because a player was deaf!
They really are. The huddle they use today? Was because a player was deaf!	I also heard it was so that the other team couldn't read his hand signals. In any case football is a very interesting topic and thank you for the wonderful chat.
I also heard it was so that the other team couldn't read his hand signals. In any case football is a very interesting topic and thank you for the wonderful chat.	have a good day!
have a good day!	Thank you. To you as well.
Thank you. To you as well.	Hi, do you like NFL football?
Hi, do you like NFL football?	Yes I do! I wish the season was shorter though 17 week regular season drags on!
Yes I do! I wish the season was shorter though 17 week regular season drags on!	The games only have 11 minutes of game play too.
The games only have 11 minutes of game play too.	So surprising. Females are allowed to play too there is no written rule against it.
So surprising. Females are allowed to play too there is no written rule against it.	Yes, as long as they meet league eligibility, I would be fine with it!
Yes, as long as they meet league eligibility, I would be fine with it!	Yeah I wouldn't mind watching it either. The New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. I wonder how that's enforced?
Yeah I wouldn't mind watching it either. The New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. I wonder how that's enforced?	Me too. I wonder if that is enforced if there was a female player as we mentioned? And why would the cheerleaders have to leave if they are there first
Me too. I wonder if that is enforced if there was a female player as we mentioned? And why would the cheerleaders have to leave if they are there first	Yes I am not sure sounds unfair. The NFL also uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move!
Yes I am not sure sounds unfair. The NFL also uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record a players every move!	Also in the balls themselves!
Also in the balls themselves!	Yes you are right! They track the speed, velocity, rotation, and location!
Yes you are right! They track the speed, velocity, rotation, and location!	That is a lot of infomation to decipher since there are 32 teams in the NFL.
That is a lot of infomation to decipher since there are 32 teams in the NFL.	Yes I agree. I like the touchdown dance some players do. Not the most aesthetic but it works!
Yes I agree. I like the touchdown dance some players do. Not the most aesthetic but it works!	Bruce Lee was a great dancer. won championship in 58
Bruce Lee was a great dancer. won championship in 58	Oh yes that is interesting. Although I have never heard of the dance variation hong kong cha-cha!
Oh yes that is interesting. Although I have never heard of the dance variation hong kong cha-cha!	Ballet Dancers go through 4 pairs in a week!
Ballet Dancers go through 4 pairs in a week!	Unbelievable! Remind me never to buy pointe shoes because they are not durable!
Unbelievable! Remind me never to buy pointe shoes because they are not durable!	Did you know Michael Jackson had a patent on a dancing device?
Did you know Michael Jackson had a patent on a dancing device?	Oh yeah that one that allows him to do that extreme lean? I always wondered...
Oh yeah that one that allows him to do that extreme lean? I always wondered...	Yeah, Smooth Criminal Lean device is patented no wonder I dont see it in other videos.
Yeah, Smooth Criminal Lean device is patented no wonder I dont see it in other videos.	Yes very good point. Babies also spontaneously dance when they hear music...very cute! Well it was great chatting with you partner.
Yes very good point. Babies also spontaneously dance when they hear music...very cute! Well it was great chatting with you partner.	Yes, Parrots too. Take care.
Yes, Parrots too. Take care.	Hello. Did you know the NFL doesn't have a rule against women players?
Hello. Did you know the NFL doesn't have a rule against women players?	That's interesting. They aren't totally about equal rights, though. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurants as players
That's interesting. They aren't totally about equal rights, though. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurants as players	That is so archaic. I guess they should be grateful, they don't put trackers in their clothes, like they do the players should pads.
That is so archaic. I guess they should be grateful, they don't put trackers in their clothes, like they do the players should pads.	It is a clever way to track movements and analyze plays; so much of the game is analysis. Did you know that there's only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay in an NFL game?
It is a clever way to track movements and analyze plays; so much of the game is analysis. Did you know that there's only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay in an NFL game?	That's insane! The commercials last way longer than that. I guess the chips in the footballs are to analyze plays too?
That's insane! The commercials last way longer than that. I guess the chips in the footballs are to analyze plays too?	I guess you can't have too much data, even in a game that's been around for so long. Even the circular huddle was a new invention at some point, created by a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't see his hand signals.
I guess you can't have too much data, even in a game that's been around for so long. Even the circular huddle was a new invention at some point, created by a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't see his hand signals.	That is so cool. Tupac danced ballet when he was in high school, guess the tough rapper persona was all fake.
That is so cool. Tupac danced ballet when he was in high school, guess the tough rapper persona was all fake.	Yes, some football players take ballet to improve their movement, too.
Yes, some football players take ballet to improve their movement, too.	do they really? I know the dancers can go through quite a few pairs of shoes in a week.
do they really? I know the dancers can go through quite a few pairs of shoes in a week.	I supposed putting all of your weight on your toes could cause pointe shoes to wear out quickly; seems like a good opportunity for a patent on a long-lasting shoe!
I supposed putting all of your weight on your toes could cause pointe shoes to wear out quickly; seems like a good opportunity for a patent on a long-lasting shoe!	Michael Jackson had one on some of his shoes.
Michael Jackson had one on some of his shoes.	Yes, he had some crazy moves that would definitely require some mechanical assistance to achieve an extreme lean.; I wonder if there was any symbolic meaning to those moves or they were just aesthetically interesting.
Yes, he had some crazy moves that would definitely require some mechanical assistance to achieve an extreme lean.; I wonder if there was any symbolic meaning to those moves or they were just aesthetically interesting.	It's all in the name of art. I think it's cute how babies dance when they hear music.
It's all in the name of art. I think it's cute how babies dance when they hear music.	It must be hardwired; they also smile when they hit the beat.
It must be hardwired; they also smile when they hit the beat.	I love watching the vidoes of them on YouTube. I hope one I see grows up to be a Mouse King in the Nutcracker, like Tupac.
I love watching the vidoes of them on YouTube. I hope one I see grows up to be a Mouse King in the Nutcracker, like Tupac.	Maybe there are some videos of Bruce Lee dancing, too; he was actually a cha-cha champion in 1958.
Maybe there are some videos of Bruce Lee dancing, too; he was actually a cha-cha champion in 1958.	I read that. Back in 1958, I think it was.
I read that. Back in 1958, I think it was.	I'm sure he made more money in martial arts, though. Did you know that an engineer has a higher average lifetime earnings than an NFL or MLB player?
I'm sure he made more money in martial arts, though. Did you know that an engineer has a higher average lifetime earnings than an NFL or MLB player?	Isn't that crazy? The ones I know, don't get paid that much.
Isn't that crazy? The ones I know, don't get paid that much.	Well, one player, Baker Mayfield, even considered becoming a full-time competitive video game player when he was at the University of Oklahoma. I guess that can be pretty lucrative, too.
Well, one player, Baker Mayfield, even considered becoming a full-time competitive video game player when he was at the University of Oklahoma. I guess that can be pretty lucrative, too.	Cleveland is lucky Mayfield decided to stay in football. Thank your for chatting with me, have a wonderful day.
Cleveland is lucky Mayfield decided to stay in football. Thank your for chatting with me, have a wonderful day.	Hey, good to have you on with me today! Are you a big football fan?
Hey, good to have you on with me today! Are you a big football fan?	As a matter of fact I am, and play fantasy and watch at least a couple games per weekend. You?
As a matter of fact I am, and play fantasy and watch at least a couple games per weekend. You?	I play tons of fantasy. I wish there werent only 16 regular season games so fantasy would last a little longer!
I play tons of fantasy. I wish there werent only 16 regular season games so fantasy would last a little longer!	Me too. I was kind of aware of the NFL planting tracking kids in shoulder pads since they have the next gen stats on TV often.
Me too. I was kind of aware of the NFL planting tracking kids in shoulder pads since they have the next gen stats on TV often.	I had not idea about that! Do they have the sensors or micro chips in anything else?
I had not idea about that! Do they have the sensors or micro chips in anything else?	Inside the ball to track speed and everythng else. explains how they are able to build details like the ball trail for the TV screen
Inside the ball to track speed and everythng else. explains how they are able to build details like the ball trail for the TV screen	Oh, thats really interesting. Im a little surprised that in total there is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay. I thought it would much more!
Oh, thats really interesting. Im a little surprised that in total there is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay. I thought it would much more!	Yea, given the draining clock, that makes sense. 11 brutal minutes though between commercial and commentary.
Yea, given the draining clock, that makes sense. 11 brutal minutes though between commercial and commentary.	I agree, its a tough sport. Given the players salaries i guess it evens out. Engineers are getting paid a lot more than i originally thought if they make more than NFL and MLB Players.
I agree, its a tough sport. Given the players salaries i guess it evens out. Engineers are getting paid a lot more than i originally thought if they make more than NFL and MLB Players.	Kirk Cousins earned 44 million even with franchise tags. I'm a Vikings fan and otn know yet if hes worth 84 some mill.
Kirk Cousins earned 44 million even with franchise tags. I'm a Vikings fan and otn know yet if hes worth 84 some mill.	I was going to say, QB's excluded. They get paid a lot of money and Kirk sure did get paid. Im a KC fan so im wondering how Mahommes will get paid after his rookie contract is done.
I was going to say, QB's excluded. They get paid a lot of money and Kirk sure did get paid. Im a KC fan so im wondering how Mahommes will get paid after his rookie contract is done.	Hopefully he takes a team friendly contract to help shore up your defense.
Hopefully he takes a team friendly contract to help shore up your defense.	No joke. Its not surprising that we werent in the superbowl thats in February each year!
No joke. Its not surprising that we werent in the superbowl thats in February each year!	I wish he would have been. Better than the PAtriots again
I wish he would have been. Better than the PAtriots again	Im all for a guy getting his championships but it did make the even very lack luster. Although its kinda funny that a guy who was never started in high school ends up with 6 rings.
Im all for a guy getting his championships but it did make the even very lack luster. Although its kinda funny that a guy who was never started in high school ends up with 6 rings.	He's smart, though not overly athletic. OFten QBs are the opposite of that.
He's smart, though not overly athletic. OFten QBs are the opposite of that.	I agree. You can look at Cam Newton who is so large that he doesnt need to play smart football to win. Maybe all that Halo 3 that Mayfield is playing will help the browns out!
I agree. You can look at Cam Newton who is so large that he doesnt need to play smart football to win. Maybe all that Halo 3 that Mayfield is playing will help the browns out!	Well, video games help train people for a lot of things, like quick reads and reacting. Great for a QB
Well, video games help train people for a lot of things, like quick reads and reacting. Great for a QB	Ive heard they are good for mental quickness. Saying you can beat anyone at your whole university is pretty surprising.
Ive heard they are good for mental quickness. Saying you can beat anyone at your whole university is pretty surprising.	He could play in a tournament and prove it, though I doubt he plays as much now since hes doing well.
He could play in a tournament and prove it, though I doubt he plays as much now since hes doing well.	Yeah, hes really turned that team around. Hopefully they can keep it up! Have a good day!
Yeah, hes really turned that team around. Hopefully they can keep it up! Have a good day!	You too
You too	Hi there. Do you like dancing?
Hi there. Do you like dancing?	To watch or to actually dance because it's been a while?
To watch or to actually dance because it's been a while?	To watch. I like dancing but am not good at it. I just throw myself around and have fun. I have no style! lol Did you know that Tupac Shakur danced ballet in high school?
To watch. I like dancing but am not good at it. I just throw myself around and have fun. I have no style! lol Did you know that Tupac Shakur danced ballet in high school?	I did not. Now the art of dancing is beautiful to watch, do you have a favorite to watch, mine is Tango?
I did not. Now the art of dancing is beautiful to watch, do you have a favorite to watch, mine is Tango?	Not really. I'm just amazed people can move like that. Even Bruce Lee was a great dancer. He won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!
Not really. I'm just amazed people can move like that. Even Bruce Lee was a great dancer. He won the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958!	Wow that's impressive i guess martial arts and dance do have something in common.
Wow that's impressive i guess martial arts and dance do have something in common.	I never thought about it until now. Michael Jackson had a patent on a device that was used to achieve his extreme leans in some of his dance moves. All this time I thought he was doing that naturally! lol
I never thought about it until now. Michael Jackson had a patent on a device that was used to achieve his extreme leans in some of his dance moves. All this time I thought he was doing that naturally! lol	Right! Did you know that professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week?
Right! Did you know that professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week?	Wow. That could get expensive! Babies will dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat! Do you follow football?
Wow. That could get expensive! Babies will dance when they hear music and smile more when they hit the beat! Do you follow football?	Not as much know i'm too busy, You?
Not as much know i'm too busy, You?	I do during the season. Out of the 32 NFL teams do you have a favorite? I like the Browns.
I do during the season. Out of the 32 NFL teams do you have a favorite? I like the Browns.	Well i use to love the Packer's back when Bret was QB. The games are 17 weeks long with one bye week, right?
Well i use to love the Packer's back when Bret was QB. The games are 17 weeks long with one bye week, right?	Yes. That's correct. He was a great QB. Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard so the other tam couldn't read his hand signals?
Yes. That's correct. He was a great QB. Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf QB named Paul Hubbard so the other tam couldn't read his hand signals?	That's smart. Would you consider Alex Smith to be a sacred player as some have said?
That's smart. Would you consider Alex Smith to be a sacred player as some have said?	I don't think so. He's a smart guy though. He took so many ap tests in high school that when he got to college he entered as a Junior and received his bachelor's degree in two years!
I don't think so. He's a smart guy though. He took so many ap tests in high school that when he got to college he entered as a Junior and received his bachelor's degree in two years!	Wow that's amazing he was also the 2005 nfl draft pick, he was number one.
Wow that's amazing he was also the 2005 nfl draft pick, he was number one.	Yes! Can't believe he's been in the league that long. Seems like yesterday it was 2005 and he was playing in San Francisco. Time sure flies. Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL? I'm not familiar with him.
Yes! Can't believe he's been in the league that long. Seems like yesterday it was 2005 and he was playing in San Francisco. Time sure flies. Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB in the NFL? I'm not familiar with him.	Neither am i but you're right it is hard to believe when you consider Michael Vic and a few others.
Neither am i but you're right it is hard to believe when you consider Michael Vic and a few others.	Yes. Vic is the manager of one of the teams in the new American Alliance of Football league. There is no written rule against female players in the NFL. Be nice to see one make it one day.
Yes. Vic is the manager of one of the teams in the new American Alliance of Football league. There is no written rule against female players in the NFL. Be nice to see one make it one day.	Yeah though i haven't even heard of one trying out and not making it. They should just create an all women's league like the wnab.
Yeah though i haven't even heard of one trying out and not making it. They should just create an all women's league like the wnab.	Yes. I agree. The average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. Crazy when you think about it for the amount of money you pay to go to a game.
Yes. I agree. The average NFL game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay. Crazy when you think about it for the amount of money you pay to go to a game.	Right, how do you feel about the tracking chips that will be installed in the padding of players as well as the ball?
Right, how do you feel about the tracking chips that will be installed in the padding of players as well as the ball?	It depends if they are using it to gather data for safety I'm for it. I gotta run. Loved the chat!
It depends if they are using it to gather data for safety I'm for it. I gotta run. Loved the chat!	How are you? Do you watch the nfl? The Redskins recently signed Alex Smith until the 2022 season as their quarterback
How are you? Do you watch the nfl? The Redskins recently signed Alex Smith until the 2022 season as their quarterback	hi, do you watch football?
hi, do you watch football?	Yea, I'm a giants fans, it's funny how they drafted Lauletta while the Redskins were also considering drafting him
Yea, I'm a giants fans, it's funny how they drafted Lauletta while the Redskins were also considering drafting him	Cool, I am not too big of a fan so I do not know all the players. did you know there is a rock scientist turned coach?
Cool, I am not too big of a fan so I do not know all the players. did you know there is a rock scientist turned coach?	No but I do know that engineers have higher average lifetime earning than an average nfl player
No but I do know that engineers have higher average lifetime earning than an average nfl player	Yeah I am not suprised, I guess most of the players do not make that much
Yeah I am not suprised, I guess most of the players do not make that much	No plus the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of gameplay, I guess the rest of the game are teams getting ready and commercials
No plus the average nfl game only has 11 minutes of gameplay, I guess the rest of the game are teams getting ready and commercials	yup yet we are in front of the tv for so long. do you know who is the QB with the most wins in the cleveland browns home stadium
yup yet we are in front of the tv for so long. do you know who is the QB with the most wins in the cleveland browns home stadium	No I have no clue, they have had so many quarterbacks the past 20 years
No I have no clue, they have had so many quarterbacks the past 20 years	It is actually the steelers' ben roethlisberger
It is actually the steelers' ben roethlisberger	Interesting. Too bad the Browns never tried to sign Alex Smith, he's a really smart qb who received his bachelor's degree in two years
Interesting. Too bad the Browns never tried to sign Alex Smith, he's a really smart qb who received his bachelor's degree in two years	Yeah the guy took so many ap tests in high school, good for him
Yeah the guy took so many ap tests in high school, good for him	Yea I wonder what Alex Smith got his bachelor's degree in before becoming the first pick in the 2005 draft
Yea I wonder what Alex Smith got his bachelor's degree in before becoming the first pick in the 2005 draft	Maybe, not sure of the timeline there. DO you know brad johnson?
Maybe, not sure of the timeline there. DO you know brad johnson?	Yea, he played for Tampa Bay in the NFL and a couple other of the 32 teams in the NFL
Yea, he played for Tampa Bay in the NFL and a couple other of the 32 teams in the NFL	Nice and he is the only player to throw himself a touchdown pass
Nice and he is the only player to throw himself a touchdown pass	That's interesting, I'm surprised Tom Brady has never thrown himself a touchdown, although his high school jv team never started him despite not winning a game or throwing a touchdown
That's interesting, I'm surprised Tom Brady has never thrown himself a touchdown, although his high school jv team never started him despite not winning a game or throwing a touchdown	yeah go figure. I would have loved to see Brad do that
yeah go figure. I would have loved to see Brad do that	I wonder if Brad Johnson is any good at video games like Baker Mayfield, Mayfield seriously considered becoming a full-time competitive gamer
I wonder if Brad Johnson is any good at video games like Baker Mayfield, Mayfield seriously considered becoming a full-time competitive gamer	Yeah I wonder that too. how about baseball, do you watch it?
Yeah I wonder that too. how about baseball, do you watch it?	Not much but I do have a bunch of old baseball cards, they're not worth $3 million like the ones a man found in his grandfather's attic
Not much but I do have a bunch of old baseball cards, they're not worth $3 million like the ones a man found in his grandfather's attic	Talk about luck, good for him. nice chat :)
Talk about luck, good for him. nice chat :)	Hi! Do you follow football?
Hi! Do you follow football?	Hello, not really but I do watch it sometimes. How about you?
Hello, not really but I do watch it sometimes. How about you?	Only on occasion. It is too long of a game for only 11 minutes of live play.
Only on occasion. It is too long of a game for only 11 minutes of live play.	I agree. There are so many time outs, breaks and fouls.
I agree. There are so many time outs, breaks and fouls.	The huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback - to prevent the other team from stealing his hand signals.
The huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback - to prevent the other team from stealing his hand signals.	That is really smart. I recently read that the NFL uses tracking chips!
That is really smart. I recently read that the NFL uses tracking chips!	Hopefully with all of that they can prevent a lot of injuries.
Hopefully with all of that they can prevent a lot of injuries.	Yes that would be good. They also have a tracking chip in the football!
Yes that would be good. They also have a tracking chip in the football!	With all of that you think the reviews would take a lot less time.
With all of that you think the reviews would take a lot less time.	right! What do you think about the new orleans cheerleaders not being aboe to eat at the same restaurant as the football players?
right! What do you think about the new orleans cheerleaders not being aboe to eat at the same restaurant as the football players?	I think it is ridiculous. I mean they even have to leave if they are already there. No wonder there are no women players. They dont treat women very well.
I think it is ridiculous. I mean they even have to leave if they are already there. No wonder there are no women players. They dont treat women very well.	Yeah thats really rude. If that is the rule the players should have to submit a itinerary of where they are eating so the cheerleader wont have to randomly leave a restaurant in the mid of their meal.
Yeah thats really rude. If that is the rule the players should have to submit a itinerary of where they are eating so the cheerleader wont have to randomly leave a restaurant in the mid of their meal.	Agreed. I wonder if that is just like during the season, training, or anytime. What could possibly have happened to make a rule like that,
Agreed. I wonder if that is just like during the season, training, or anytime. What could possibly have happened to make a rule like that,	Maybe some kind of fratenization issue. I have no clue.
Maybe some kind of fratenization issue. I have no clue.	What do you think of Tebow playing baseball?
What do you think of Tebow playing baseball?	I think its fine, people change careers all the time, im sure sports players can too.
I think its fine, people change careers all the time, im sure sports players can too.	I think he is a pretty good athlete and a good role model.
I think he is a pretty good athlete and a good role model.	did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically allowed to play?
did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically allowed to play?	Yeah, I dont know if it has ever happened, but it would be cool if they did.
Yeah, I dont know if it has ever happened, but it would be cool if they did.	it would be a little scary to me lol most baseball managers are older, and usually dont warm up with the team, they might get injured lol
it would be a little scary to me lol most baseball managers are older, and usually dont warm up with the team, they might get injured lol	I think watching all the managers play each other might be cool. Proper warm up is definitely important. Dont want any injuries.
I think watching all the managers play each other might be cool. Proper warm up is definitely important. Dont want any injuries.	its been great chatting with you, have a good one.
its been great chatting with you, have a good one.	Hey there do you ever watch the NFL on TV? I know that I watch the Super Bowl
Hey there do you ever watch the NFL on TV? I know that I watch the Super Bowl	I missed the Superbowl this year, but judging from the score didn't seem to be an outstandingly played game. But still must be an improvement over the first playoffs in 1932.
I missed the Superbowl this year, but judging from the score didn't seem to be an outstandingly played game. But still must be an improvement over the first playoffs in 1932.	Yep I would imagine it was a lot more exciting than that game haha. But yes you're right, the Super Bowl is a little bit boring, but then again the average NFL game only has about 10 minutes of actual gameplay
Yep I would imagine it was a lot more exciting than that game haha. But yes you're right, the Super Bowl is a little bit boring, but then again the average NFL game only has about 10 minutes of actual gameplay	Crazy for a game that has a clock time of 1 hour and takes like 4 hours to play. Lol
Crazy for a game that has a clock time of 1 hour and takes like 4 hours to play. Lol	LOL you're right about that haha. Another crazy thing is the way the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are treated. I don't think it's right that they have to leave a restaurant if a player is already inside
LOL you're right about that haha. Another crazy thing is the way the New Orleans Saints cheerleaders are treated. I don't think it's right that they have to leave a restaurant if a player is already inside	Or even worse, I heard they have to leave if one enters a restaurant they are already in. Who would agree to something like that.
Or even worse, I heard they have to leave if one enters a restaurant they are already in. Who would agree to something like that.	I know right? I wonder if that's for all cheerleading teams or if that is specific to the Saints? Do you know anything more about that? I do know that technically females could play for the NFL, maybe one day all of the cheerleaders will be men and all of the players will be female haha
I know right? I wonder if that's for all cheerleading teams or if that is specific to the Saints? Do you know anything more about that? I do know that technically females could play for the NFL, maybe one day all of the cheerleaders will be men and all of the players will be female haha	I know someone who cheered on the Bucs squad and she never said anything of that nature, so it might just be the saints. If the roles were reversed, the game would likely be more efficient, I doubt women would go for the long games, with little play.
I know someone who cheered on the Bucs squad and she never said anything of that nature, so it might just be the saints. If the roles were reversed, the game would likely be more efficient, I doubt women would go for the long games, with little play.	Yeah I just don't know. I could see it happening though. But one thing that is for sure is that an engineer will earn more than either in NFL or MLB player over their lifetime which I think is kind of wild
Yeah I just don't know. I could see it happening though. But one thing that is for sure is that an engineer will earn more than either in NFL or MLB player over their lifetime which I think is kind of wild	It is, but when you break it down, the engineer can work a lot longer than the athletes, thus has more years of earning potential. There is one rocket scientist coach in the NFL, his college fight song was crazy, including 6 digits of Pi.
It is, but when you break it down, the engineer can work a lot longer than the athletes, thus has more years of earning potential. There is one rocket scientist coach in the NFL, his college fight song was crazy, including 6 digits of Pi.	thats pretty cool. did you hear about how the Huddle was invented?
thats pretty cool. did you hear about how the Huddle was invented?	Wasn't it due to a deaf quarterback not wanting the opposing team to be able to read his hand signals?
Wasn't it due to a deaf quarterback not wanting the opposing team to be able to read his hand signals?	Yep you're 100% right. The quarterback's name was Paul D Hubbard. I always wondered how you could have a deaf quarterback, but he must have been pretty good because he invented such an iconic thing
Yep you're 100% right. The quarterback's name was Paul D Hubbard. I always wondered how you could have a deaf quarterback, but he must have been pretty good because he invented such an iconic thing	So many things that were made for ease, ended up being very innovative, like the Yellow line. ESPN even won an Emmy for that!
So many things that were made for ease, ended up being very innovative, like the Yellow line. ESPN even won an Emmy for that!	Yep that was an amazing invention! Do you like baseball by the way? I personally think it's really boring
Yep that was an amazing invention! Do you like baseball by the way? I personally think it's really boring	It is one of the few sports I couldn't get into. Id play for fun, in pick up games, but watching it is kind of dull. Another sport with long game times and no action.
It is one of the few sports I couldn't get into. Id play for fun, in pick up games, but watching it is kind of dull. Another sport with long game times and no action.	Yep I agree with you. One thing is that in Canada they don't call kickball kickball. They call it soccer-baseball. that sounds really stupid to me haha
Yep I agree with you. One thing is that in Canada they don't call kickball kickball. They call it soccer-baseball. that sounds really stupid to me haha	It kinda sounds like a name you give something to somehow make it more legitimate. There was once this 17 year old female pitcher that got banned from pro ball because she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig back to back. Id be signing her not banning her.
It kinda sounds like a name you give something to somehow make it more legitimate. There was once this 17 year old female pitcher that got banned from pro ball because she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig back to back. Id be signing her not banning her.	I know right! That's so impressive I wonder what happened to her. What other cool thing is that a baseball manager can actually play for the team if they're needed. That's why they were the uniform
I know right! That's so impressive I wonder what happened to her. What other cool thing is that a baseball manager can actually play for the team if they're needed. That's why they were the uniform	Have any managers been called into action?
Have any managers been called into action?	No I don't think so. But that would be a game I would want to see haha
No I don't think so. But that would be a game I would want to see haha	What do you think of Tim Tebow? Mike Francesca said playing him is a clown move.
What do you think of Tim Tebow? Mike Francesca said playing him is a clown move.	I think he might surprise some people, he might not have a good track record lately but who knows, what are your thoughts on the matter?
I think he might surprise some people, he might not have a good track record lately but who knows, what are your thoughts on the matter?	I think he is a really hard worker and is dedicated to the game. He works harder than everyone else on the field.
I think he is a really hard worker and is dedicated to the game. He works harder than everyone else on the field.	Exactly, he might not be the most taleneted player but hard work can pay off, it seems like Mike Francesa really has something against him.
Exactly, he might not be the most taleneted player but hard work can pay off, it seems like Mike Francesa really has something against him.	I agree. With the NFL consisting of 32 teams I don't see why he has to pick on Tebow.
I agree. With the NFL consisting of 32 teams I don't see why he has to pick on Tebow.	I agree, although Mets is a baseball team but still, seems like theres and old gruge or something.
I agree, although Mets is a baseball team but still, seems like theres and old gruge or something.	I wonder how often baseball managers actually play. They wear uniforms so that if needed they are ready to play.
I wonder how often baseball managers actually play. They wear uniforms so that if needed they are ready to play.	I think that has never happened lol, it would be curious to watch a manager play though
I think that has never happened lol, it would be curious to watch a manager play though	Football has interesting roots. The circular huddle came about from a deaf quarterback that needed to use hand signals.
Football has interesting roots. The circular huddle came about from a deaf quarterback that needed to use hand signals.	I see, that has become really handy now a days, you know theres no rule againts females palying
I see, that has become really handy now a days, you know theres no rule againts females palying	I wonder why more women don't play? and why there arent more left handed QB's in addition to kellan moore.
I wonder why more women don't play? and why there arent more left handed QB's in addition to kellan moore.	Maybe because of the risk of the game- I certainly wouldn't want to try it. And that's news to me, I thought there were at least a couple more
Maybe because of the risk of the game- I certainly wouldn't want to try it. And that's news to me, I thought there were at least a couple more	Football is a tough sport and hard on the body. Baker mayfield probably should have pursued his love of competitive gaming instead of football.
Football is a tough sport and hard on the body. Baker mayfield probably should have pursued his love of competitive gaming instead of football.	Yeah but I bet he wouldnt be making as much, or maybe he could have become an engineer, their lifetime earnings are bigger than the ones of a football player
Yeah but I bet he wouldnt be making as much, or maybe he could have become an engineer, their lifetime earnings are bigger than the ones of a football player	Or he could have played kickball, which Canadians call soccer-baseball.
Or he could have played kickball, which Canadians call soccer-baseball.	Thats a weird name for it, so are you a fan of baseball?
Thats a weird name for it, so are you a fan of baseball?	I watch every so often. But not as often as Japanese people do. It's very popular there.
I watch every so often. But not as often as Japanese people do. It's very popular there.	I see, I though it was only popular in America, you know that a man found 3 millions dollars worth in baseball card, the cards were hidden in his attic
I see, I though it was only popular in America, you know that a man found 3 millions dollars worth in baseball card, the cards were hidden in his attic	What a great find!!! He could buy some tracking chips that NFL players have in their shoulder pads.
What a great find!!! He could buy some tracking chips that NFL players have in their shoulder pads.	I bet he could, he could buy many things with that amount of money, I would have been really surprised, thats like winning the lottery
I bet he could, he could buy many things with that amount of money, I would have been really surprised, thats like winning the lottery	I agree! Nice meeting you!
I agree! Nice meeting you!	Are you a fan of the Redskins?
Are you a fan of the Redskins?	Yes, I am. What about you?
Yes, I am. What about you?	I am, but after Dan Snyder purchased them they have sucked.
I am, but after Dan Snyder purchased them they have sucked.	Haha, I have heard that from several different people.
Haha, I have heard that from several different people.	Yeah, it is like everything he touches turns to garbage. It makes it hard to watch because each year they end up sucking halfway into the season.
Yeah, it is like everything he touches turns to garbage. It makes it hard to watch because each year they end up sucking halfway into the season.	On a side note, do you realize that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
On a side note, do you realize that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?	I'm not surprised, it seems like there is a lot of standing around on the sidelines.
I'm not surprised, it seems like there is a lot of standing around on the sidelines.	That's a fact. Wonder why there hasn't been a female player, yet? The NFL has no written rule against them.
That's a fact. Wonder why there hasn't been a female player, yet? The NFL has no written rule against them.	I think it is likely due to the fact that most Americans are less comfortable watching women play a heavy contact sport.
I think it is likely due to the fact that most Americans are less comfortable watching women play a heavy contact sport.	Probably likely, but you'd think there would at least be a kicker.
Probably likely, but you'd think there would at least be a kicker.	Yeah, there were kickers when I was in high school on competing teams. That's a tough job, here today, gone tomorrow: Laces out!
Yeah, there were kickers when I was in high school on competing teams. That's a tough job, here today, gone tomorrow: Laces out!	I think it's cool the NFL uses tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. They can gather all kinds of stats like that.
I think it's cool the NFL uses tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. They can gather all kinds of stats like that.	Yeah, is it the NFL or the teams themselves? What would the NFL themselves use it for?
Yeah, is it the NFL or the teams themselves? What would the NFL themselves use it for?	I think it's the NFL, probably most likely to track the players to see if they sustain concussions, most likely. Since that is the hot button issue right now. Force of the hit, how many hits sustained each game, etc.
I think it's the NFL, probably most likely to track the players to see if they sustain concussions, most likely. Since that is the hot button issue right now. Force of the hit, how many hits sustained each game, etc.	Interesting, but they also have chips in the football as well.
Interesting, but they also have chips in the football as well.	Yes, that info is probably more valuable to the individual teams and to give the talking heads something to discuss while everybody is standing around on the sidelines. Lol
Yes, that info is probably more valuable to the individual teams and to give the talking heads something to discuss while everybody is standing around on the sidelines. Lol	Yeah, I hear that there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average game.
Yeah, I hear that there are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in the average game.	Like I said before, plenty of time to stand around.
Like I said before, plenty of time to stand around.	Yeah, well apparently an engineer is, on average, likely to make more than the average NFL player over his career.
Yeah, well apparently an engineer is, on average, likely to make more than the average NFL player over his career.	That's why you stay in school and get a degree for when that golden career is all gone. Alex Smith was working on his Master's degree before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 draft.
That's why you stay in school and get a degree for when that golden career is all gone. Alex Smith was working on his Master's degree before becoming the first overall pick in the 2005 draft.	Yeah, i heard he took a bunch of AP classes when he was in high school. Well, nice chatting with you!
Yeah, i heard he took a bunch of AP classes when he was in high school. Well, nice chatting with you!	Do you like baseball, maybe the Mets?
Do you like baseball, maybe the Mets?	Yeah I do. Not so much the Mets but I think it's funny Tebow almost played on opening day for them.
Yeah I do. Not so much the Mets but I think it's funny Tebow almost played on opening day for them.	I thought it was a bad move, I agree with Mike Francesa, but who knows maybe Tebow will show everyone
I thought it was a bad move, I agree with Mike Francesa, but who knows maybe Tebow will show everyone	Yeah it could happen. I think it's good he is starting in the AAA then if he proves himself he could move up.
Yeah it could happen. I think it's good he is starting in the AAA then if he proves himself he could move up.	He won the heismen trophy right? so that must mean theres a lot of talent hidden inside
He won the heismen trophy right? so that must mean theres a lot of talent hidden inside	Yeah exactly. I also like the NFL and wish Tebow stayed in that league. Crazy that the first NFL game was played back in 1932.
Yeah exactly. I also like the NFL and wish Tebow stayed in that league. Crazy that the first NFL game was played back in 1932.	Do you have a favority NFL team? AFC or NFC?
Do you have a favority NFL team? AFC or NFC?	Yeah my team is the Seahawks. you? Russel Wilson is the man and he still is under an MLB contract!
Yeah my team is the Seahawks. you? Russel Wilson is the man and he still is under an MLB contract!	Mine are the Patriots so AFC, and he ist? I wonder why, thats an odd fact
Mine are the Patriots so AFC, and he ist? I wonder why, thats an odd fact	Yeah and he hasn't played a regular season game since 2011.
Yeah and he hasn't played a regular season game since 2011.	Thats a long time, maybe the team hasnt realiazed that yet lol or he has a really good contract
Thats a long time, maybe the team hasnt realiazed that yet lol or he has a really good contract	Yeah sure is nice to have options lol. Kellan moore is the only left handed QB in the league currently.
Yeah sure is nice to have options lol. Kellan moore is the only left handed QB in the league currently.	The only one in the league? I wonder if being a leftie is somehow a disadvantage to the game.
The only one in the league? I wonder if being a leftie is somehow a disadvantage to the game.	Yeah most of the plays must be centered around being right handed. Baseball is popular too with over 160,000 bats used in an entire season!
Yeah most of the plays must be centered around being right handed. Baseball is popular too with over 160,000 bats used in an entire season!	Baseball is another great sport I do like it, not only its popular in the US but it has a lot of fans in Japan
Baseball is another great sport I do like it, not only its popular in the US but it has a lot of fans in Japan	Yeah Ichiro was one of my favorite players and still is! The cubs was the first team to win back to back world series.
Yeah Ichiro was one of my favorite players and still is! The cubs was the first team to win back to back world series.	I heard they had a though time after that win, the team even got like cursed, do you collect baseball cards?
I heard they had a though time after that win, the team even got like cursed, do you collect baseball cards?	I believe it! Yeah I used too! you? Have you heard of that female pitcher who struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig? Not sure if I believe that...
I believe it! Yeah I used too! you? Have you heard of that female pitcher who struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig? Not sure if I believe that...	Havent heard about her, if its true then that would change baseball histoy forever and yeah I collect cards, theres an interesting fact about them a really lucky man
Havent heard about her, if its true then that would change baseball histoy forever and yeah I collect cards, theres an interesting fact about them a really lucky man	A really lucky card? Have you ever heard of the rule of catching a ball with your hat makes the other team receive 3 bases?
A really lucky card? Have you ever heard of the rule of catching a ball with your hat makes the other team receive 3 bases?	Is that a rule? I have to Google it, I have never seen it I wonder if it ever happened.
Is that a rule? I have to Google it, I have never seen it I wonder if it ever happened.	Do you follow college football?
Do you follow college football?	i dont really follow college football. You?
i dont really follow college football. You?	I do, my favorite team is Virginia Teach, they have a good team
I do, my favorite team is Virginia Teach, they have a good team	Ok, i did not know that. how did they do this year? did they win a bowl?
Ok, i did not know that. how did they do this year? did they win a bowl?	No I think it was the Clemson Tigers not really sure about that but it wasnt Virginia tech
No I think it was the Clemson Tigers not really sure about that but it wasnt Virginia tech	oh, ok. well, maybe next year! what do you think of U of Iowa and their locker rooms?
oh, ok. well, maybe next year! what do you think of U of Iowa and their locker rooms?	I think they can be intimidating to some teams, its really funny how they painted the visitor teams locker all pink
I think they can be intimidating to some teams, its really funny how they painted the visitor teams locker all pink	i wonder if it works. do other teams do it? if it worked, everyone would do it.
i wonder if it works. do other teams do it? if it worked, everyone would do it.	I dont think so, I bet the Iowa University is the only one with that strange characteristic
I dont think so, I bet the Iowa University is the only one with that strange characteristic	yeah, i guess it is their trademark. it might have helped cumberland against georgia tech.
yeah, i guess it is their trademark. it might have helped cumberland against georgia tech.	They did lose 222-0 what a humiliating loss, I would retire of football after a loss like that one
They did lose 222-0 what a humiliating loss, I would retire of football after a loss like that one	yeah, the GT coach seemed to be bent on proving something. i wonder what. they must have scored on every play.
yeah, the GT coach seemed to be bent on proving something. i wonder what. they must have scored on every play.	Yeah and also the other team fumbled the ball a lot or many interceptions, it would be really hard to lose by 222 points lol
Yeah and also the other team fumbled the ball a lot or many interceptions, it would be really hard to lose by 222 points lol	the GT coach should have put in the third string and maybe even the cheerleaders. or played a different sport entirely, like basketball.
the GT coach should have put in the third string and maybe even the cheerleaders. or played a different sport entirely, like basketball.	I bet he wasnt paid much so he was just like screw this, bowlers used to make more than pro football players back in the day
I bet he wasnt paid much so he was just like screw this, bowlers used to make more than pro football players back in the day	bowlers were lucky because the sport was very popular back in the day. now they are not so popular.
bowlers were lucky because the sport was very popular back in the day. now they are not so popular.	Yeah I dont see bowlers making much money these days, there are many more popular sports now
Yeah I dont see bowlers making much money these days, there are many more popular sports now	yes, quite true. football has the violence. people love combat and gladiators. i figure that football is going to change because of injuries.
yes, quite true. football has the violence. people love combat and gladiators. i figure that football is going to change because of injuries.	I hope it does, did you watch that movie about all the damage players end up with? really sad, rules must be changed.
I hope it does, did you watch that movie about all the damage players end up with? really sad, rules must be changed.	i didnt see that film but i know that concussions are a serious problem, even in the kids game. it is scary how the brain get damaged.
i didnt see that film but i know that concussions are a serious problem, even in the kids game. it is scary how the brain get damaged.	It is, I have a son and he loves to play football I get really worried, its been really fun chatting with you by the way
It is, I have a son and he loves to play football I get really worried, its been really fun chatting with you by the way	Yes, it has been fun. Have a good day!
Yes, it has been fun. Have a good day!	You have a great day as well and take care if you play football keep in mind all the injuries caused by the game and all.
You have a great day as well and take care if you play football keep in mind all the injuries caused by the game and all.	do you like basketball?
do you like basketball?	do you like basketball?
do you like basketball?	Yes I do. DO you know who Kareen Abdul-Jabbar is?
Yes I do. DO you know who Kareen Abdul-Jabbar is?	Yes he is the guy that used the dunk shot so much that it got banned for a while
Yes he is the guy that used the dunk shot so much that it got banned for a while	Yeah. Do you know who invented the game of basketball?
Yeah. Do you know who invented the game of basketball?	Yes that was the coach at U of Kansas, James Naismith
Yes that was the coach at U of Kansas, James Naismith	Yes and he was also the only losing coach there
Yes and he was also the only losing coach there	Ironically yes. Coaches are the highest paid employees in many states though
Ironically yes. Coaches are the highest paid employees in many states though	Yeah I guess with the sport's popularity that comes as no surprise
Yeah I guess with the sport's popularity that comes as no surprise	Yeah i guess so. Have you heard of the highest court in the land?
Yeah i guess so. Have you heard of the highest court in the land?	Yes that is the court om the top floor of the US Supreme Court building
Yes that is the court om the top floor of the US Supreme Court building	Yeah. Do you know what the NZ basketball team s called?
Yeah. Do you know what the NZ basketball team s called?	Yes they are called the tall blacks, not sure how that flies there
Yes they are called the tall blacks, not sure how that flies there	Me either. Do you like drama?
Me either. Do you like drama?	I love drama. Did you ever see House MD?
I love drama. Did you ever see House MD?	Yes I have, it is a great show and Laurie made $700 000 per episode in it
Yes I have, it is a great show and Laurie made $700 000 per episode in it	Yeah. Do you like Jim Carrey?
Yeah. Do you like Jim Carrey?	I love him. Do you know why he does not do drama anymore?
I love him. Do you know why he does not do drama anymore?	Yes he thinks that they do not portray positivity
Yes he thinks that they do not portray positivity	Yeah. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Yeah. Do you listen to radio dramas?	Yes there is a free website for them so I go to that one usually. Nice chatting with you
Yes there is a free website for them so I go to that one usually. Nice chatting with you	Do you use facebook?
Do you use facebook?	I do. Though I should use less of it, it's gotten very political.
I do. Though I should use less of it, it's gotten very political.	Yes I do like using it as a social media platform, but I don't use it for the news
Yes I do like using it as a social media platform, but I don't use it for the news	Can you believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy it back in 2005?
Can you believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy it back in 2005?	It doesn't even exist anymore so it can't even regret it
It doesn't even exist anymore so it can't even regret it	Maybe if they had gotten it for the price of only $75 million, they'd still be a company. It's valued way more now.
Maybe if they had gotten it for the price of only $75 million, they'd still be a company. It's valued way more now.	It is over 100 billion now
It is over 100 billion now	I believe it was 104 billion back in 2012, so it's probably even more now with over 2 billion users worldwide.
I believe it was 104 billion back in 2012, so it's probably even more now with over 2 billion users worldwide.	I can see that consider how much power facebook now holds
I can see that consider how much power facebook now holds	Right? So much so that Iceland is re-writing their constitution on Facebook so that the public can make suggestions.
Right? So much so that Iceland is re-writing their constitution on Facebook so that the public can make suggestions.	Indeed. Makes you wonder where they will go from here
Indeed. Makes you wonder where they will go from here	Not far in parts of Germany, I guess, where the "like" button is illegal.
Not far in parts of Germany, I guess, where the "like" button is illegal.	Well germany is unique. Like how they blocked uber
Well germany is unique. Like how they blocked uber	I didn't realize the reason Facebook is mostly blue is because Mark Zuckerberg has red-green colorblindness.
I didn't realize the reason Facebook is mostly blue is because Mark Zuckerberg has red-green colorblindness.	I also didn't know, but even without being colorblind, I think I favor the blue more
I also didn't know, but even without being colorblind, I think I favor the blue more	I agree, but I wonder how much we're influenced by Facebook? I think Myspace was also blue.
I agree, but I wonder how much we're influenced by Facebook? I think Myspace was also blue.	Who knows? Maybe it is a social experiment testing how subliminal messages affect the masses?
Who knows? Maybe it is a social experiment testing how subliminal messages affect the masses?	Kind of like the one Burger King is conducting; they say if you unfriend 10 people, you get a free whopper. That's a disturbing message.
Kind of like the one Burger King is conducting; they say if you unfriend 10 people, you get a free whopper. That's a disturbing message.	Indeed, yet that wasn't as subtle. Anyway thanks for chatting.
Indeed, yet that wasn't as subtle. Anyway thanks for chatting.	Maybe it will work with the younger crowd since Facebook allows members as young as 13.
Maybe it will work with the younger crowd since Facebook allows members as young as 13.	Perhaps? I can see it better influencing younger minds. Kind of is a scary thought though. Have a nice day.
Perhaps? I can see it better influencing younger minds. Kind of is a scary thought though. Have a nice day.	Are you a fan of facebook?
Are you a fan of facebook?	I use it to keep in touch with people so I guess I'm a fan in that respect. Why would BK give free stuff to people that unfriend others?
I use it to keep in touch with people so I guess I'm a fan in that respect. Why would BK give free stuff to people that unfriend others?	I'm like you in that respect. What was Burger King giving away?
I'm like you in that respect. What was Burger King giving away?	A free Whopper if you unfriend 10 people. Iceland is using Facebook for other things too. They are rewriting their constitution with it.
A free Whopper if you unfriend 10 people. Iceland is using Facebook for other things too. They are rewriting their constitution with it.	I would have been all over that deal! lol That's interesting. I can't believe it's been 15 years already since Facebook was founded in 2004.
I would have been all over that deal! lol That's interesting. I can't believe it's been 15 years already since Facebook was founded in 2004.	Yes, it seems like yesterday. I guess there's worse things one could be doing like installing a flame-thrower on their car.
Yes, it seems like yesterday. I guess there's worse things one could be doing like installing a flame-thrower on their car.	Whoa! I've heard of those cars in South Africa where they are legal.
Whoa! I've heard of those cars in South Africa where they are legal.	Carjacking must be common. Not common is a president who goes by the name "banana".
Carjacking must be common. Not common is a president who goes by the name "banana".	lol The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
lol The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!	That's cool. I hate to dive into politics since it's so dog-eat-dog these days but... I can't believe Trump is seen as "pro gun". He really isn't. He just banned bump stocks to be confiscated and hired an AG that isn't pro gun. He gets bad press no matter what he does.
That's cool. I hate to dive into politics since it's so dog-eat-dog these days but... I can't believe Trump is seen as "pro gun". He really isn't. He just banned bump stocks to be confiscated and hired an AG that isn't pro gun. He gets bad press no matter what he does.	I think any time he can create some publicity he does it.
I think any time he can create some publicity he does it.	He doesn't have to, studies have shown that 92-95% news is negative about Trump. I just read a really biased article that paints the ACLU, SPLC and Democratic Socialists as the good guys. In my opinion, these people are not the "good guys".
He doesn't have to, studies have shown that 92-95% news is negative about Trump. I just read a really biased article that paints the ACLU, SPLC and Democratic Socialists as the good guys. In my opinion, these people are not the "good guys".	That's pretty interesting. I'll have to read up more on it for sure.
That's pretty interesting. I'll have to read up more on it for sure.	I can't stand talking about it anymore. Everyone should start being honest and humane. We need pop albums from the WH!
I can't stand talking about it anymore. Everyone should start being honest and humane. We need pop albums from the WH!	LOL We'll talk about something else like cars. I can't believe that they have cars in South Africa that are equipped with flame throwers to prevent carjackings!
LOL We'll talk about something else like cars. I can't believe that they have cars in South Africa that are equipped with flame throwers to prevent carjackings!	That brings new meaning to "getting burned in traffic." I am happy about McDonald's putting in the drive thru.
That brings new meaning to "getting burned in traffic." I am happy about McDonald's putting in the drive thru.	I didn't realize that didn't happen until 1975 to accommodate soldiers. I was only 4 years old then. lol
I didn't realize that didn't happen until 1975 to accommodate soldiers. I was only 4 years old then. lol	Lucky you. I can't believe that the 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. How does one make such a comparison? How do you compare horses and cows to limos and jet planes?
Lucky you. I can't believe that the 3 richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. How does one make such a comparison? How do you compare horses and cows to limos and jet planes?	lol Right? I had a good time chatting with. I'm going to have to look up some of that stuff.
lol Right? I had a good time chatting with. I'm going to have to look up some of that stuff.	OK, I enjoyed it too. Watch out for those flame-throwers!
OK, I enjoyed it too. Watch out for those flame-throwers!	lol will do! Have a great day!
lol will do! Have a great day!	Hi Are you a Facebook fan?
Hi Are you a Facebook fan?	Not really. I use it occasionally, but I do not like their privacy issues and the role it plays in the whole fake news fiasco
Not really. I use it occasionally, but I do not like their privacy issues and the role it plays in the whole fake news fiasco	I agree with you there. I cant believe it's been around already for 15 years since it was founded in 2004.
I agree with you there. I cant believe it's been around already for 15 years since it was founded in 2004.	I have had an account since it started. I actually liked it when I used it from about 2004-2008. I think its sad that 30 % of American adults use it as their primary source of news.
I have had an account since it started. I actually liked it when I used it from about 2004-2008. I think its sad that 30 % of American adults use it as their primary source of news.	That is sad. I don't even look at that garbage or all those useless memes. It's a huge waste of time. I just use to stay in touch with close friends and family.
That is sad. I don't even look at that garbage or all those useless memes. It's a huge waste of time. I just use to stay in touch with close friends and family.	I used to use it to stay in touch with friends and family, but now I don't so much.
I used to use it to stay in touch with friends and family, but now I don't so much.	Aww. Sorry about that. If it makes you feel any better, I'm always the one reaching out to my family. I rarely hear from them if I didn't initiate to reach out to them. I wonder how Myspace feels now about turning down the chance to buy Facebook for $75 million in 2005?
Aww. Sorry about that. If it makes you feel any better, I'm always the one reaching out to my family. I rarely hear from them if I didn't initiate to reach out to them. I wonder how Myspace feels now about turning down the chance to buy Facebook for $75 million in 2005?	I think its sad how Facebook can be used to manipulate people's feelings and opinions about political topics.
I think its sad how Facebook can be used to manipulate people's feelings and opinions about political topics.	Yes. Did you hear about the Facebook promotion that Burger King had?
Yes. Did you hear about the Facebook promotion that Burger King had?	No I didn't. What was it?
No I didn't. What was it?	If you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, Burger King would give you a free whopper! I think I would have had to delete a few people. lol
If you unfriended 10 people on Facebook, Burger King would give you a free whopper! I think I would have had to delete a few people. lol	Wow, that is ridiculous. On a separate note, did you know that the only US president to have a Ph.D. was Woodrow Wilson and the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was Roosevelt? Crazy, huh?
Wow, that is ridiculous. On a separate note, did you know that the only US president to have a Ph.D. was Woodrow Wilson and the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was Roosevelt? Crazy, huh?	That is crazy! Wow.
That is crazy! Wow.	Who is your favorite US president in history?
Who is your favorite US president in history?	That's tough question...Probably Reagan since I've been alive because it sure seems like things were better all around in the 80's.
That's tough question...Probably Reagan since I've been alive because it sure seems like things were better all around in the 80's.	Interesting. To change subjects, did you know that it is against the law to warm up your car in Ohio when the weather is cold?
Interesting. To change subjects, did you know that it is against the law to warm up your car in Ohio when the weather is cold?	I didn't know that! Interesting! Have you heard about the flame thrower cars they have in South Africa to prevent carjackings? I sure wouldn't want to live there. I would be afraid they would fall into the wrong hands.
I didn't know that! Interesting! Have you heard about the flame thrower cars they have in South Africa to prevent carjackings? I sure wouldn't want to live there. I would be afraid they would fall into the wrong hands.	No I haven't. Wow, that sounds crazy. Did you know that that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode? They must use it in city traffic.
No I haven't. Wow, that sounds crazy. Did you know that that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode? They must use it in city traffic.	Oh boy...those self driving cars scare me. lol It's been fun chatting with you tonight!
Oh boy...those self driving cars scare me. lol It's been fun chatting with you tonight!	Yes me too. They don't seem like a great idea. I am not sure I would want to ride in one.
Yes me too. They don't seem like a great idea. I am not sure I would want to ride in one.	No way Jose. lol I have to get going. Have a good night and thanks for the chat!
No way Jose. lol I have to get going. Have a good night and thanks for the chat!	hi, how are you? do you like football?
hi, how are you? do you like football?	Yea I watch football all the time, it's a shame Alex Smith got injured but he can always fall back on something else considering he started his master's degree before being drafted
Yea I watch football all the time, it's a shame Alex Smith got injured but he can always fall back on something else considering he started his master's degree before being drafted	I bet that he has a lot of opportunities with his intelligence and motivation. I wonder what he will choose.
I bet that he has a lot of opportunities with his intelligence and motivation. I wonder what he will choose.	Yea Smith is incredibly smart, it only took him two years to get his bachelor's degree while he was playing college football
Yea Smith is incredibly smart, it only took him two years to get his bachelor's degree while he was playing college football	He did so many APs in high school. he is a focused individual. he is the ideal type for QB.
He did so many APs in high school. he is a focused individual. he is the ideal type for QB.	Tom Brady is also pretty smart but not his JV coach who never started him despite the team not winning a game
Tom Brady is also pretty smart but not his JV coach who never started him despite the team not winning a game	Yeah, the coach was probably playing favorites. TB was promising but needed his chance to show his talent.
Yeah, the coach was probably playing favorites. TB was promising but needed his chance to show his talent.	Yea,the coach must be kicking himself for not seeing how good Tom Brady was after he won 4 super bowls
Yea,the coach must be kicking himself for not seeing how good Tom Brady was after he won 4 super bowls	Yeah, I bet many coaches have done similar things because they had their favorites. Clutch players have to be put in clutch situations.
Yeah, I bet many coaches have done similar things because they had their favorites. Clutch players have to be put in clutch situations.	Yea, Paul D Hubbard was pretty clutch and invented the circular huddle
Yea, Paul D Hubbard was pretty clutch and invented the circular huddle	I couldnt imagine a deaf quarterback, but there are many deaf athletes so i shouldnt be surprised.
I couldnt imagine a deaf quarterback, but there are many deaf athletes so i shouldnt be surprised.	Oddly in the nfl there is only one left handed qb, Kellan Moore
Oddly in the nfl there is only one left handed qb, Kellan Moore	Is that a problem for teams? A lefties a challenge for designing plays?
Is that a problem for teams? A lefties a challenge for designing plays?	I don't know, I figure if it was then a good coach would be able to turn a left handed qb into an advantage
I don't know, I figure if it was then a good coach would be able to turn a left handed qb into an advantage	I guess so? i don't know how hard it is for defenses to adapt to a new QB. i also wonder how big the advantage of the lefty is.
I guess so? i don't know how hard it is for defenses to adapt to a new QB. i also wonder how big the advantage of the lefty is.	Probably a little similar to south paws in boxing, if there is an advantage
Probably a little similar to south paws in boxing, if there is an advantage	I guess the rhythm could be different, the choices of the QB would be unexpected. Unlike that pink locker room at U of Iowa.
I guess the rhythm could be different, the choices of the QB would be unexpected. Unlike that pink locker room at U of Iowa.	You know if I was a visiting player in Iowa's locker room I would probably find the pink to be calming and relaxing lol
You know if I was a visiting player in Iowa's locker room I would probably find the pink to be calming and relaxing lol	I guess. i wonder how many other teams have tried that technique. if it worked, everyone would do it.
I guess. i wonder how many other teams have tried that technique. if it worked, everyone would do it.	I wonder if Georgia tech had any special techniques when they beat Cumberland 222-0
I wonder if Georgia tech had any special techniques when they beat Cumberland 222-0	Yes, the players were twice as big, twice as fast, and ten times better. Anyway, great chat!
Yes, the players were twice as big, twice as fast, and ten times better. Anyway, great chat!	Nice talking with you, have a good one
Nice talking with you, have a good one	Such a shame to hear of the college players suicide.
Such a shame to hear of the college players suicide.	Very sad!!! Way too young!
Very sad!!! Way too young!	Any idea of why he may have done it?
Any idea of why he may have done it?	He did have substance abuse issues....
He did have substance abuse issues....	Leaf and Bledsoe also showed their support for him and his family too
Leaf and Bledsoe also showed their support for him and his family too	Yes, It struck so many with sadness and confusion.
Yes, It struck so many with sadness and confusion.	Leaf had also attempted suicide too and can certainly relate to what the young man was going through at the time.
Leaf had also attempted suicide too and can certainly relate to what the young man was going through at the time.	Yes I heard that too. I think many can relate, sadly. He did leave a suicide note and I don't know what that stated. Do you?
Yes I heard that too. I think many can relate, sadly. He did leave a suicide note and I don't know what that stated. Do you?	No. Bledsoe reiterated the importance of reaching out to someone when you are going through tough times
No. Bledsoe reiterated the importance of reaching out to someone when you are going through tough times	Exactly, many stated reaching out is a sign of not weakness but strength. Too sad that so many feel there is no hope.
Exactly, many stated reaching out is a sign of not weakness but strength. Too sad that so many feel there is no hope.	Suicide still ranks second as the cause of death for many young men aged 18 and up.
Suicide still ranks second as the cause of death for many young men aged 18 and up.	That's horrible. So much tragedy. We are on this earth for only a moment in time it seems.
That's horrible. So much tragedy. We are on this earth for only a moment in time it seems.	His teammates were able to bounce back and do fairly well in the Holiday Bowl against Michigan, though they ended up losing sadly
His teammates were able to bounce back and do fairly well in the Holiday Bowl against Michigan, though they ended up losing sadly	I read that too. He completed 130 of 179 passes for 1,176 yards and 7 touchdowns.
I read that too. He completed 130 of 179 passes for 1,176 yards and 7 touchdowns.	I would have loved to see them beat Michigan for sure.
I would have loved to see them beat Michigan for sure.	Me too! Hilinski was a great quarterback!
Me too! Hilinski was a great quarterback!	Who is your favorite NFL QB?
Who is your favorite NFL QB?	I really couldn't name only 1 haha who is yours?
I really couldn't name only 1 haha who is yours?	Drew Brees and Tom Brady for sure
Drew Brees and Tom Brady for sure	Oh yeah, great choices! Tom Brady is insanely talented.
Oh yeah, great choices! Tom Brady is insanely talented.	I hope he doesn't retire. He actually sat the bench in high school
I hope he doesn't retire. He actually sat the bench in high school	Are you a fan of football?
Are you a fan of football?	I am - I wanted to lead the team and be a quarterback when I was growing up but I was never that good
I am - I wanted to lead the team and be a quarterback when I was growing up but I was never that good	me too, I just learned how to throw a spiral. I think QBs are geniuses, just look at Alex Smith
me too, I just learned how to throw a spiral. I think QBs are geniuses, just look at Alex Smith	Yes - he was working on his masters degree when he was drafted! Many players never even complete a BA
Yes - he was working on his masters degree when he was drafted! Many players never even complete a BA	For sure, he had his bachelors by his 2nd year. Not bad for a #1 pick. Do you watch college football?
For sure, he had his bachelors by his 2nd year. Not bad for a #1 pick. Do you watch college football?	I love my alma mater Wake Forest - do you follow any teams?
I love my alma mater Wake Forest - do you follow any teams?	My alma mater, the university of iowa! They paint their visiting locker room pink!
My alma mater, the university of iowa! They paint their visiting locker room pink!	Most excellent idea! Are there many left handed quarterbacks in college football? There is only one in the NFL
Most excellent idea! Are there many left handed quarterbacks in college football? There is only one in the NFL	I like Kellen Moore, he played at Boise State. Michael Vick was my favorite lefty
I like Kellen Moore, he played at Boise State. Michael Vick was my favorite lefty	Did you know the huddle was invented for a deaf quarterback?
Did you know the huddle was invented for a deaf quarterback?	I heard that, I can't remember who it was, do you know who?
I heard that, I can't remember who it was, do you know who?	Paul Hubbard was his name - he needed to hide his hand signals
Paul Hubbard was his name - he needed to hide his hand signals	That is smart and look how they still use it today. So amazing. Lots of amazing people on Earth
That is smart and look how they still use it today. So amazing. Lots of amazing people on Earth	Yes - did you know that Georgia Tech once won a game 222-0 ? That must have been one boring game!
Yes - did you know that Georgia Tech once won a game 222-0 ? That must have been one boring game!	I bet, I would have quit if I was the other team! I would have left at 100-0
I bet, I would have quit if I was the other team! I would have left at 100-0	Me too! Back then there was no tv and ESPN had not created their yellow line yet
Me too! Back then there was no tv and ESPN had not created their yellow line yet	What would life be like without that yellow line! We would be guessing on everything
What would life be like without that yellow line! We would be guessing on everything	I know! It is challenging! At least players like Patriots Green-Ellis make the game easy for the refs
I know! It is challenging! At least players like Patriots Green-Ellis make the game easy for the refs	for sure, I heard that guy never fumbled once in his career. Good chatting with you!
for sure, I heard that guy never fumbled once in his career. Good chatting with you!	Yes - at least football players get paid more now - in the 60's bowlers made more!
Yes - at least football players get paid more now - in the 60's bowlers made more!	For sure!
For sure!	Hi, how are you? do you like the radio?
Hi, how are you? do you like the radio?	Yea, it's pretty cool how sound is produce through electromagnetic energy waves through space
Yea, it's pretty cool how sound is produce through electromagnetic energy waves through space	yes, it is a great invention. i think it has helped many people around the world get their news and maybe get educated.
yes, it is a great invention. i think it has helped many people around the world get their news and maybe get educated.	Yea, in Finland they even have a new program in classical latin called Nuntii Latini
Yea, in Finland they even have a new program in classical latin called Nuntii Latini	I guess they have dedicated fans because that has been around for decades.
I guess they have dedicated fans because that has been around for decades.	Apparently, I heard dedicated fans of classic radio dramas can listen to them online for free
Apparently, I heard dedicated fans of classic radio dramas can listen to them online for free	there are some great dramas out there. i think the history of entertainment tells a lot about the stories we see now on tv
there are some great dramas out there. i think the history of entertainment tells a lot about the stories we see now on tv	What's pretty cool is you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms on am radio, I wonder what frequency you have to tune to
What's pretty cool is you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms on am radio, I wonder what frequency you have to tune to	i dont know. i dont know what they would sound like so i couldnt recognize them. strange.
i dont know. i dont know what they would sound like so i couldnt recognize them. strange.	Not as strange as the President of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while in office lol
Not as strange as the President of Indonesia releasing 3 pop albums while in office lol	I guess he had a yearning to be heard. He needed his voice to be acknowledged. Plus he wanted the cash.
I guess he had a yearning to be heard. He needed his voice to be acknowledged. Plus he wanted the cash.	Maybe but JFK, Washington, and Jefferson were the 3 wealthiest presidents and they never released any albums
Maybe but JFK, Washington, and Jefferson were the 3 wealthiest presidents and they never released any albums	Yes, JFK has his father's rum money. And the two others owned heaps of land. JFK has the look of a star but not the singing voice. his mistress did though.
Yes, JFK has his father's rum money. And the two others owned heaps of land. JFK has the look of a star but not the singing voice. his mistress did though.	I wonder if the first president of zimbabwe was rich, maybe he sold bananas since they called him President Banana
I wonder if the first president of zimbabwe was rich, maybe he sold bananas since they called him President Banana	Perhaps given that nickname for a reason
Perhaps given that nickname for a reason	Perhaps. Did you know the runner up in the presidential election became vice president until 1805?
Perhaps. Did you know the runner up in the presidential election became vice president until 1805?	that was an odd system. maybe the vp had more power then? now its a ceremonial position for the most part. i would not want it.
that was an odd system. maybe the vp had more power then? now its a ceremonial position for the most part. i would not want it.	Sounds like way too much stress, I'd imagine the vice president and president probably hated each other
Sounds like way too much stress, I'd imagine the vice president and president probably hated each other	Yes, they probably were not on the same page and little got accomplished. Now it is a pointless position. Little real authority. Anyway, nice chat!
Yes, they probably were not on the same page and little got accomplished. Now it is a pointless position. Little real authority. Anyway, nice chat!	You too. I'm gonna go look up more info about the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice
You too. I'm gonna go look up more info about the man who sold the Eiffel Tower twice	That man was a genius salesman. Have a good night!
That man was a genius salesman. Have a good night!	thanks, you too
thanks, you too	Do you know a Bertram Snyder from Maryland?
Do you know a Bertram Snyder from Maryland?	no, but it looks like he was an internist
no, but it looks like he was an internist	Yea, he was really old, 90, I'd be lucky to live that long
Yea, he was really old, 90, I'd be lucky to live that long	I guess all the people helped were lucky too. He graduated medical school at 21
I guess all the people helped were lucky too. He graduated medical school at 21	I guess he did a lot of good in his life being a doctor and all
I guess he did a lot of good in his life being a doctor and all	Sounds like he volunteered at Arlington Free clinci
Sounds like he volunteered at Arlington Free clinci	Yea, he worked all over the place to and wrote a book in 1966
Yea, he worked all over the place to and wrote a book in 1966	What kind of book did he write/
What kind of book did he write/	It was cal led "The Agony of Modernization: Labor and Industrialization in Spain" I guess it is some kind of history book
It was cal led "The Agony of Modernization: Labor and Industrialization in Spain" I guess it is some kind of history book	Wow, unrelated to medicine but sounds interesting
Wow, unrelated to medicine but sounds interesting	Yea, I guess he was a jack of all trades, he joined the Foreign Service in 1950
Yea, I guess he was a jack of all trades, he joined the Foreign Service in 1950	Actually it says that Mr. Martin wrote The agony of Modernization
Actually it says that Mr. Martin wrote The agony of Modernization	Oh my mistake, theres so much he has done
Oh my mistake, theres so much he has done	Did you see that one of the most popular radio acts in the 30's was a ventriloquist
Did you see that one of the most popular radio acts in the 30's was a ventriloquist	No, thats wierd, like how do they even know there is a guy with a dummy on the radio
No, thats wierd, like how do they even know there is a guy with a dummy on the radio	I don't know. But also, the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
I don't know. But also, the last president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr	That's surprising, did you know jfk was one of the most wealthiest presidents?
That's surprising, did you know jfk was one of the most wealthiest presidents?	yes, interesting . In guatemala close relatives of former presidents can't legally run for president. Takes out the whole line to the throne concept.
yes, interesting . In guatemala close relatives of former presidents can't legally run for president. Takes out the whole line to the throne concept.	Makes a lot of sense to me, America should try that too
Makes a lot of sense to me, America should try that too	The only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson too that's a fun fact
The only president to have a phd was woodrow wilson too that's a fun fact	More like a sad fact
More like a sad fact	Yes, could be
Yes, could be	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	Hello, yes I like the radio when I can listen to it. I use pandora or audio books a lot though lol
Hello, yes I like the radio when I can listen to it. I use pandora or audio books a lot though lol	There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	That is cool.
That is cool.	Would you listen to a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin? I wonder how many people can actually understand that.
Would you listen to a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin? I wonder how many people can actually understand that.	I cant understand latin so it probably wouldnt be very beneficial to me lol I hear soliders use to make radios with just a razor and pencil. How do you even do that lol
I cant understand latin so it probably wouldnt be very beneficial to me lol I hear soliders use to make radios with just a razor and pencil. How do you even do that lol	No idea, and now I want to learn!
No idea, and now I want to learn!	Maybe you can look it up on Youtube! Youtube has everything lol
Maybe you can look it up on Youtube! Youtube has everything lol	Yeah, I probably could! I just learned that the three wealthiest presidents are jfk, washington and jefferson. I'll have to Google that to confirm.
Yeah, I probably could! I just learned that the three wealthiest presidents are jfk, washington and jefferson. I'll have to Google that to confirm.	I saw that too, but Im pretty sure its Trump, then Washington and then Jefferson. i hear the president guest house is bigger than the white house
I saw that too, but Im pretty sure its Trump, then Washington and then Jefferson. i hear the president guest house is bigger than the white house	Yeah, I would love to be a guest there.
Yeah, I would love to be a guest there.	You and your whole family probably! Ive never been to the white house but Ive seen pics, its huge lol
You and your whole family probably! Ive never been to the white house but Ive seen pics, its huge lol	Awesome. What do you think of the president of Indonesia? He has released 3 pop albums while in office.
Awesome. What do you think of the president of Indonesia? He has released 3 pop albums while in office.	That's impressive, run a country and make 3 pop albums. Multitasking! lol
That's impressive, run a country and make 3 pop albums. Multitasking! lol	Haha, right! Hopefully he was actually running the country and not just making the pop album! I would be more entertained if the runner up still became the vice president though. Though, it probably would not be the brightest idea.
Haha, right! Hopefully he was actually running the country and not just making the pop album! I would be more entertained if the runner up still became the vice president though. Though, it probably would not be the brightest idea.	yeah Hillary and trump wouldnt make a good team. '
yeah Hillary and trump wouldnt make a good team. '	I know, haha. Do you think the government should care about the environment? In 2008 the Norwegian government donated one billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.
I know, haha. Do you think the government should care about the environment? In 2008 the Norwegian government donated one billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.	absolutely. The government should be very involved in the enviornment
absolutely. The government should be very involved in the enviornment	In Nevada 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US Government. I hope they are taking good care of it.
In Nevada 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US Government. I hope they are taking good care of it.	Its probably all the military bases and stuff.
Its probably all the military bases and stuff.	Yes, I bet you are right.
Yes, I bet you are right.	Hello there. Do you want to talk about the government?
Hello there. Do you want to talk about the government?	Good morning! I think I could talk about the Government and politics all day long!
Good morning! I think I could talk about the Government and politics all day long!	Ok, well we know that a government is the system or group of people governing an organized community, often a state. In the case of its broad associative definition, government normally consists of legislature, executive, and judiciary.
Ok, well we know that a government is the system or group of people governing an organized community, often a state. In the case of its broad associative definition, government normally consists of legislature, executive, and judiciary.	Yes, it is. I find it funny that Wikileakes published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.
Yes, it is. I find it funny that Wikileakes published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.	Yes, I agree. Did you know that the US government owns 86% of Nevada? Wow.
Yes, I agree. Did you know that the US government owns 86% of Nevada? Wow.	Wow! That is a lot of land. I think it is nice what the Norwegian Government did in 2008.
Wow! That is a lot of land. I think it is nice what the Norwegian Government did in 2008.	Yes, that the donated $1Billion to help save the Amazon Rainforest. That was generous of them.
Yes, that the donated $1Billion to help save the Amazon Rainforest. That was generous of them.	Yes, I agree. It was very selfless. Have you heard about the man in France and his sale of the Eiffel Tower?
Yes, I agree. It was very selfless. Have you heard about the man in France and his sale of the Eiffel Tower?	Yes, that he impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower not just once but twice. Outrageous wasn't it?
Yes, that he impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower not just once but twice. Outrageous wasn't it?	Completely insane! So, I know our current President gets a lot of flack, but the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! I wonder if that was a compliment or an insult?
Completely insane! So, I know our current President gets a lot of flack, but the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana! I wonder if that was a compliment or an insult?	Considering their main export, it might be a compliment. Also the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office. Cool.
Considering their main export, it might be a compliment. Also the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was in office. Cool.	Yeah, maybe. And that is surprising about the albums!
Yeah, maybe. And that is surprising about the albums!	Yes, and up until 1802 in the US, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the Vice President. Too bad it's not still like that.
Yes, and up until 1802 in the US, the runner up in a presidential election automatically became the Vice President. Too bad it's not still like that.	I don't think it would be a good idea to have Trump and Clinton together. They would not get a long at all.
I don't think it would be a good idea to have Trump and Clinton together. They would not get a long at all.	Or maybe they would if they had to, just a thought. Anyways, do you know anything about radio? Radio is an interesting topic and there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
Or maybe they would if they had to, just a thought. Anyways, do you know anything about radio? Radio is an interesting topic and there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	I like the radio. I know Jupiter has storms so strong that they can be picked up an heard by an am radio.
I like the radio. I know Jupiter has storms so strong that they can be picked up an heard by an am radio.	Yes, and funny thing is that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
Yes, and funny thing is that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.	I like that law. It seems like it keeps things fair.
I like that law. It seems like it keeps things fair.	Maybe a good thing. Did you know that soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razor blade and pencil as the diode? I think they were called Foxhole radios.
Maybe a good thing. Did you know that soldiers in WWII made simple radios using a razor blade and pencil as the diode? I think they were called Foxhole radios.	No kidding! Sounds creative.
No kidding! Sounds creative.	Yes, I'd like to try and make one myself. Nice chatting with you.
Yes, I'd like to try and make one myself. Nice chatting with you.	hey there, do you follow politics much?
hey there, do you follow politics much?	I didn't used to, but in the last three years I've gotten very interested in it. What about you?
I didn't used to, but in the last three years I've gotten very interested in it. What about you?	So so. DId you know trump is not the wealthiest president in us history?
So so. DId you know trump is not the wealthiest president in us history?	I figured he was the wealthiest modern one, but some of the early presidents were very rich. Which was the wealthiest?
I figured he was the wealthiest modern one, but some of the early presidents were very rich. Which was the wealthiest?	Between jfk. washington and jefferson, one of them.
Between jfk. washington and jefferson, one of them.	I hadn't thought of JFK, but he did come from a family with a lot of money, so that makes sense. The other two are no surprise with how much property they owned in the early days of the country. It probably gave them a lot of government influence.
I hadn't thought of JFK, but he did come from a family with a lot of money, so that makes sense. The other two are no surprise with how much property they owned in the early days of the country. It probably gave them a lot of government influence.	yeah. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
yeah. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	I wouldn't have guessed that! I guess it would make sense if the president needs to have a lot of political guests.
I wouldn't have guessed that! I guess it would make sense if the president needs to have a lot of political guests.	Yeah lots of guests i guess
Yeah lots of guests i guess	I wonder how much difference there is between the US president and other countries' presidents. Did you know that one country's president actually released 3 pop albums while he was in office?
I wonder how much difference there is between the US president and other countries' presidents. Did you know that one country's president actually released 3 pop albums while he was in office?	was that the president of indonesia? That is so cool.
was that the president of indonesia? That is so cool.	I wonder what the subject of his songs were. Imagine if he was singing "The Government Rap" or something!
I wonder what the subject of his songs were. Imagine if he was singing "The Government Rap" or something!	hahhaha that would be funny indeed. do you know how the vice president was elected prior to 1805?
hahhaha that would be funny indeed. do you know how the vice president was elected prior to 1805?	I remember learning that the vice president was the one who came in second in the presidential elections. Imagine the conflicts if that happened now!
I remember learning that the vice president was the one who came in second in the presidential elections. Imagine the conflicts if that happened now!	I know I guess it is better the way that things run now.
I know I guess it is better the way that things run now.	I wonder if the reason it changed was because of personality and political conflicts between the president and the VP. It probably would hurt how the government runs.
I wonder if the reason it changed was because of personality and political conflicts between the president and the VP. It probably would hurt how the government runs.	could be. have you heard of wikileaks?
could be. have you heard of wikileaks?	I have heard of them. They cause a lot of frustration in the government when they publish things that the higher-ups would rather keep quiet.
I have heard of them. They cause a lot of frustration in the government when they publish things that the higher-ups would rather keep quiet.	I know, they even published documents that show how the government was planning to destroy them.
I know, they even published documents that show how the government was planning to destroy them.	That sounds like the ultimate taunt to show how unafraid of the government they are.
That sounds like the ultimate taunt to show how unafraid of the government they are.	I know, so tough. It was nice chatting with you
I know, so tough. It was nice chatting with you	Good morning and thank you for chatting with me today! Do you like to listen to the radio. I find it interesting how radio's work in general.
Good morning and thank you for chatting with me today! Do you like to listen to the radio. I find it interesting how radio's work in general.	Yea I enjoy the radio from time to time, especially radio dramas
Yea I enjoy the radio from time to time, especially radio dramas	I have hear but not been able to find it yet of a web site that one can listen to thousands of classic radio drama's for free. I like to listen to all kinds of music.
I have hear but not been able to find it yet of a web site that one can listen to thousands of classic radio drama's for free. I like to listen to all kinds of music.	that website would be my dream then! I hope you like Canadian bands if you ever go to Canada. 40% of all radio music there must be from Canadian bands
that website would be my dream then! I hope you like Canadian bands if you ever go to Canada. 40% of all radio music there must be from Canadian bands	I have been to Canada!! I have never heard that factoid before though. I would suppose the radio stations would have to see it through as how would one know for sure if a song is Canadian or not if they were not a specialist in music?
I have been to Canada!! I have never heard that factoid before though. I would suppose the radio stations would have to see it through as how would one know for sure if a song is Canadian or not if they were not a specialist in music?	They would have to be very familiar with Canadian bands. Or just play a lot of RUSH and Alannis Morisette to be safe haha
They would have to be very familiar with Canadian bands. Or just play a lot of RUSH and Alannis Morisette to be safe haha	HA A, agreed!! Do you know that in WWII soldiers made simple radios with a pencil and a razor blade and called them foxhole radios?
HA A, agreed!! Do you know that in WWII soldiers made simple radios with a pencil and a razor blade and called them foxhole radios?	I had heard about that, I wonder how the heck they figured out that that would work for them, that's some real MacGyver stuff right there
I had heard about that, I wonder how the heck they figured out that that would work for them, that's some real MacGyver stuff right there	I totally agree how did they know to do that? Also on an AM station at times storms can be heard from Jupiter; how amazing is that!
I totally agree how did they know to do that? Also on an AM station at times storms can be heard from Jupiter; how amazing is that!	thats crazy. Do you know Latin at all?
thats crazy. Do you know Latin at all?	It is indeed! I do not know Latin; I have heard a few song and have seen people dance to it. Just watching puts me out of breath I can imagine how the dancers feel when the song is over.
It is indeed! I do not know Latin; I have heard a few song and have seen people dance to it. Just watching puts me out of breath I can imagine how the dancers feel when the song is over.	Oh I meant Latin the language! the ancient one. Although i do love some latin music myself
Oh I meant Latin the language! the ancient one. Although i do love some latin music myself	I am afraid I do not know Latin the language, I am fluent in English and can count to ten in Spanish as well as know a few colors in Spanish. I know how to say I love you in German but that is my extent of language.
I am afraid I do not know Latin the language, I am fluent in English and can count to ten in Spanish as well as know a few colors in Spanish. I know how to say I love you in German but that is my extent of language.	same here pretty much. I was gonna say, if you knew Latin there's a FInnish radio station that has broadcast a weekly news program entirely in Latin for the past 30 years called Nuntii Latini
same here pretty much. I was gonna say, if you knew Latin there's a FInnish radio station that has broadcast a weekly news program entirely in Latin for the past 30 years called Nuntii Latini	That is interesting! A little factoid I find very interesting is that of a man in France has not once but twice sold the Eiffel Tower by impersonating a government official.
That is interesting! A little factoid I find very interesting is that of a man in France has not once but twice sold the Eiffel Tower by impersonating a government official.	woah I wonder how much he was pricing it at?
woah I wonder how much he was pricing it at?	That I am not sure of but wonder how it happens not once but twice by the same person? I have been to the very tip top of the Eiffel Tower and love it. It is so pretty to see at night time all lit up as well as during the day if the clouds are around it.
That I am not sure of but wonder how it happens not once but twice by the same person? I have been to the very tip top of the Eiffel Tower and love it. It is so pretty to see at night time all lit up as well as during the day if the clouds are around it.	I've never been but I surely want to go there someday! Norway too. Their government donation 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest
I've never been but I surely want to go there someday! Norway too. Their government donation 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest	It is very pretty in the fall there! I find that it is wonderful for the government to help save the rain forest. I also think more people need to help even if in little ways to preserve all the lands for future generations.
It is very pretty in the fall there! I find that it is wonderful for the government to help save the rain forest. I also think more people need to help even if in little ways to preserve all the lands for future generations.	I agree, I think everyone should be doing their part, especially the people that lead our countries. Heck, Norway is so far away from the Amazon and they did a huge amount to help!
I agree, I think everyone should be doing their part, especially the people that lead our countries. Heck, Norway is so far away from the Amazon and they did a huge amount to help!	I agree! I try to do my part everyday! I frequently recycle while at home as well as while I am out and about. I frequently walk the beach and pick up trash left by others; sadly far too much trash it seems.
I agree! I try to do my part everyday! I frequently recycle while at home as well as while I am out and about. I frequently walk the beach and pick up trash left by others; sadly far too much trash it seems.	I agree, not enough people do their part to recycle. Well i gotta run, it was nice chatting with you!
I agree, not enough people do their part to recycle. Well i gotta run, it was nice chatting with you!	Hello, are you interested in the President, Radio, or Government?
Hello, are you interested in the President, Radio, or Government?	I would say I am more interested in government. Systems or groups of people organized in a community do something to me.
I would say I am more interested in government. Systems or groups of people organized in a community do something to me.	Ok, well government is a means by which organizational policies are enforced as well as a mechanism for determining policy. This affects all of us, really.
Ok, well government is a means by which organizational policies are enforced as well as a mechanism for determining policy. This affects all of us, really.	The statement of a governing principle and philosophy is much more than the smile on a dog.
The statement of a governing principle and philosophy is much more than the smile on a dog.	Funny, did you know another funny thing? 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.
Funny, did you know another funny thing? 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.	Religion is the talk on a cereal box. Another way to have an absolute state of authority is to have a tyranny.
Religion is the talk on a cereal box. Another way to have an absolute state of authority is to have a tyranny.	Well said. Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? Now that's a Wikileak!
Well said. Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? Now that's a Wikileak!	Its almost like a photo of a person holding a photo. The guy in France that sold the Eiffel tower, he has some skill.
Its almost like a photo of a person holding a photo. The guy in France that sold the Eiffel tower, he has some skill.	Yes, I heard about that. A man in France impersonated a government official and sold the Eiffel Tower not just once but twice.
Yes, I heard about that. A man in France impersonated a government official and sold the Eiffel Tower not just once but twice.	You would think Mr. Eiffel would have something to say about a guy putting up for sale signs, having tours through the living room.
You would think Mr. Eiffel would have something to say about a guy putting up for sale signs, having tours through the living room.	One would think. Did you know that in 2006, the US passed legislation to protect government employees from prosecution for violating the Geneva Conventions.
One would think. Did you know that in 2006, the US passed legislation to protect government employees from prosecution for violating the Geneva Conventions.	It is important when water boarding to have legislation on your side. I like how the Norwegian Government donated $1 billion to save the amazon forest. Our government would sell chimpanzees guns but thats about all.
It is important when water boarding to have legislation on your side. I like how the Norwegian Government donated $1 billion to save the amazon forest. Our government would sell chimpanzees guns but thats about all.	Well our government is just as wild as the rest of the worlds. Afer all, the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana.
Well our government is just as wild as the rest of the worlds. Afer all, the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana.	Top Banana. I hear there is prison time if you forget his first name. Canada has a la that 40% of all music must be canadian. good for them. Country and western needs a place to go.
Top Banana. I hear there is prison time if you forget his first name. Canada has a la that 40% of all music must be canadian. good for them. Country and western needs a place to go.	I agree with that! Add to that, Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by AM radio.
I agree with that! Add to that, Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by AM radio.	I wonder if Jupiter sounds like whales? Scottish bag pipes are very annoying. How could you calculate the wealth of president Geroge Washington.
I wonder if Jupiter sounds like whales? Scottish bag pipes are very annoying. How could you calculate the wealth of president Geroge Washington.	Maybe by reverse engineering inflation, I don't know. Yes, Washington, Jefferson, and JFK were the top three wealthiest presidents.
Maybe by reverse engineering inflation, I don't know. Yes, Washington, Jefferson, and JFK were the top three wealthiest presidents.	I bet Washington never filed a tax return. Any calculation of his wealth in 1776 dollars would be speculation.
I bet Washington never filed a tax return. Any calculation of his wealth in 1776 dollars would be speculation.	Believe me, they probably have a way to estimate it. Lucky for George, he lived in pre-Federal Reserve era. Did you know that soldiers in WWI made simple radios using razor blades and pencil as a diode?
Believe me, they probably have a way to estimate it. Lucky for George, he lived in pre-Federal Reserve era. Did you know that soldiers in WWI made simple radios using razor blades and pencil as a diode?	A foxhole radio. It sounds like a waste of time. Maybe there was a lot of free time in fox holes.
A foxhole radio. It sounds like a waste of time. Maybe there was a lot of free time in fox holes.	Could be. Nice chatting.
Could be. Nice chatting.	It always saddens me to see people mistreat those who survived something as horrific as the Holocaust
It always saddens me to see people mistreat those who survived something as horrific as the Holocaust	It's definitely sad. People and governments can often leave others without the best support.
It's definitely sad. People and governments can often leave others without the best support.	They can be, but they can do really good things too! The Amazon can thank the Norwegian government for donating $1 billion to help save the rainforest
They can be, but they can do really good things too! The Amazon can thank the Norwegian government for donating $1 billion to help save the rainforest	That's so neat! People in government can be super cool, I guess. Like the Indonesian president, who has recorded several pop albums during his time in office.
That's so neat! People in government can be super cool, I guess. Like the Indonesian president, who has recorded several pop albums during his time in office.	There's also funny government stories. Like the guy who impersonated a French government official twice. He managed to sell the Eiffel Tower both times
There's also funny government stories. Like the guy who impersonated a French government official twice. He managed to sell the Eiffel Tower both times	Haha, I wonder for how much! Or that guy in Zimbabwe, who called himself President Banana
Haha, I wonder for how much! Or that guy in Zimbabwe, who called himself President Banana	He didn't call himself that, but his last name was actually Banana.
He didn't call himself that, but his last name was actually Banana.	Speaking of quirky things, did you know that under Canadian law, at least 40% of the music played on the radio has to be Canadian?
Speaking of quirky things, did you know that under Canadian law, at least 40% of the music played on the radio has to be Canadian?	That's one way to encourage nationalism. I wonder how much nationalism exists on the 86% of Nevada land that's owned by the US government
That's one way to encourage nationalism. I wonder how much nationalism exists on the 86% of Nevada land that's owned by the US government	Right? Well, seeing as how all government employees are protected if they ever violate the Geneva Conventions, I would say the US is trying to keep up with that whole Nationalism thing.
Right? Well, seeing as how all government employees are protected if they ever violate the Geneva Conventions, I would say the US is trying to keep up with that whole Nationalism thing.	I'm not sure if that's a good law or not. That's one that would need to be researched. At one point, Wikileaks had a post that revealed the government's plans to destroy them, but I'm not sure how accurate that would be
I'm not sure if that's a good law or not. That's one that would need to be researched. At one point, Wikileaks had a post that revealed the government's plans to destroy them, but I'm not sure how accurate that would be	I think the irony is there, though. Kind of like how the White House guest house is bigger than the actual White House.
I think the irony is there, though. Kind of like how the White House guest house is bigger than the actual White House.	Just like it would be ironic if the runner up in an election became the VP now like they used to. Nothing would get accomplished
Just like it would be ironic if the runner up in an election became the VP now like they used to. Nothing would get accomplished	Right? Could you imagine? That's probably why it only lasted until 1805.
Right? Could you imagine? That's probably why it only lasted until 1805.	By then the parties would have started becoming more divided as the population grew. Still, many who become President are still wealthy people
By then the parties would have started becoming more divided as the population grew. Still, many who become President are still wealthy people	Some of the original founding fathers were among the wealthiest presidents.
Some of the original founding fathers were among the wealthiest presidents.	That's not surprising though since they would have had some of the first dibs on the land. I wonder if we would even like Washington or Jefferson if they were alive in our modern culture
That's not surprising though since they would have had some of the first dibs on the land. I wonder if we would even like Washington or Jefferson if they were alive in our modern culture	I would think it would be pretty hard to relate to a president from so long ago.
I would think it would be pretty hard to relate to a president from so long ago.	It would be hard for them to relate to us now. Many of them weren't even around when the radio was invented, so you can imagine how they would feel about listening to classic radio dramas on a website
It would be hard for them to relate to us now. Many of them weren't even around when the radio was invented, so you can imagine how they would feel about listening to classic radio dramas on a website	Haha. Or listening to classical Latin on a Finnish radio station!
Haha. Or listening to classical Latin on a Finnish radio station!	They might actually understand the language!
They might actually understand the language!	Do you follow politics, I think the president has a really important job.
Do you follow politics, I think the president has a really important job.	yes I agree, and I do follow it a bit, what about you?
yes I agree, and I do follow it a bit, what about you?	I do, I think its important to keep updated, do you approve of Trump actions while in office?
I do, I think its important to keep updated, do you approve of Trump actions while in office?	I think he's making the best of what he's given I don't agree with everything but no one will give him credit for the things he has done, what about you
I think he's making the best of what he's given I don't agree with everything but no one will give him credit for the things he has done, what about you	I think he has some good ideas but not sure if his the right man for the job, too much drama in the White House and he can be really sttuborn at times.
I think he has some good ideas but not sure if his the right man for the job, too much drama in the White House and he can be really sttuborn at times.	thats true, did you know that he wouldn't be in the list of top three richest presidents of all time
thats true, did you know that he wouldn't be in the list of top three richest presidents of all time	Wow his not on the list? who are the 3 richest presidents of all time then? he must be 4th for sure
Wow his not on the list? who are the 3 richest presidents of all time then? he must be 4th for sure	ya, its apparently JFK, Jefferson and Washington, this list must be adjusted for inflation
ya, its apparently JFK, Jefferson and Washington, this list must be adjusted for inflation	Yeah it wouldnt make sense otherwise, afterall Trump has a guest house thats larger than the White House,
Yeah it wouldnt make sense otherwise, afterall Trump has a guest house thats larger than the White House,	haha ya that is wild, did you hear about the president of zimbabwe? His nickname is President Banana, does he have a VP names Plantain? haha
haha ya that is wild, did you hear about the president of zimbabwe? His nickname is President Banana, does he have a VP names Plantain? haha	Thats funny lol, I bet the VP has a curious nickname as well, I bet President Banana likes yellow
Thats funny lol, I bet the VP has a curious nickname as well, I bet President Banana likes yellow	haha that could be it, do you listen to teh ratio at all?
haha that could be it, do you listen to teh ratio at all?	I do, everyday when I commute to work, do you like any particular stations?
I do, everyday when I commute to work, do you like any particular stations?	well I listen to youtube personally, but I did hear that Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on AM radio, maybe listen to those next time before work? haha
well I listen to youtube personally, but I did hear that Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on AM radio, maybe listen to those next time before work? haha	That would be amazing, I will look up the frequency it would be really interesting although over time it would also be boring
That would be amazing, I will look up the frequency it would be really interesting although over time it would also be boring	haha ya, I don't know if id rather listen to that or the finnish radio station that plays all programs in classic latin
haha ya, I don't know if id rather listen to that or the finnish radio station that plays all programs in classic latin	That sounds really boring lol, but its been around a long time so Im guessing it has a good segments of fans
That sounds really boring lol, but its been around a long time so Im guessing it has a good segments of fans	ya that's true, do you know that wwii soldiers made radios out of pencils and razorblades? like how was that possible
ya that's true, do you know that wwii soldiers made radios out of pencils and razorblades? like how was that possible	Wow that is an incredible skill I bet that saved countless of lives back in war, radio is an important invention theres a lot of science behind it
Wow that is an incredible skill I bet that saved countless of lives back in war, radio is an important invention theres a lot of science behind it	right I agree, they were called foxhole radios and must have player a super important part in the war
right I agree, they were called foxhole radios and must have player a super important part in the war	Yeah for sure, I bet the goverment kept tabs on soldiers using them even after the war.
Yeah for sure, I bet the goverment kept tabs on soldiers using them even after the war.	Hi! Do you know much about presidential history?
Hi! Do you know much about presidential history?	hi how are you? i dont know much about presidential history. please enlighten me.
hi how are you? i dont know much about presidential history. please enlighten me.	ok..lol The top 3 wealthiest presidents in the American history were JFK, Washinton, and Jefferson.
ok..lol The top 3 wealthiest presidents in the American history were JFK, Washinton, and Jefferson.	What? Trump isnt in there? Color me shocked! LOL
What? Trump isnt in there? Color me shocked! LOL	lol I think this data may be from before he was president. Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president. I couldn't imagine that working in this day and age.
lol I think this data may be from before he was president. Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president. I couldn't imagine that working in this day and age.	I think that it would as fun as a barrel of monkeys! Hill-dawg and Trump together in the Oval Office. Priceless!
I think that it would as fun as a barrel of monkeys! Hill-dawg and Trump together in the Oval Office. Priceless!	LOL The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!
LOL The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!	that is a silly name. Perfect! That is an insulting moniker that no one will ever forget. what should trumps nickname be?
that is a silly name. Perfect! That is an insulting moniker that no one will ever forget. what should trumps nickname be?	I would have to say Jason Momoa's character now lol because I just met him at a comic con. lol
I would have to say Jason Momoa's character now lol because I just met him at a comic con. lol	Thats great! he seems like a great guy! he must get all the women at the con to come by.
Thats great! he seems like a great guy! he must get all the women at the con to come by.	I forgot to put the name....lol Kahl Drogo. You would have to look him up. If you don't watch the show though, you won't get the Trump nick.
I forgot to put the name....lol Kahl Drogo. You would have to look him up. If you don't watch the show though, you won't get the Trump nick.	Ok. Do you listen to radio these days?
Ok. Do you listen to radio these days?	I do! I would like to try to find the AM channel where I could listen to the Jupitor radio storms. I think that would be neat.
I do! I would like to try to find the AM channel where I could listen to the Jupitor radio storms. I think that would be neat.	you can listen to solar activity too. I wonder how the jupiter storms sound. better than top 40 these days?
you can listen to solar activity too. I wonder how the jupiter storms sound. better than top 40 these days?	They just might! lol I like how in Canada, the law requires that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists. I think that gives some artists a better chance of being heard.
They just might! lol I like how in Canada, the law requires that at least 40 percent of the music played has to be Canadian artists. I think that gives some artists a better chance of being heard.	I guess, but then what about the internet? can the canadian govt dictate content there?
I guess, but then what about the internet? can the canadian govt dictate content there?	I'm not sure on that one. I know they have a different domains there that end in .ca Speaking of gov'ts...did you know that 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
I'm not sure on that one. I know they have a different domains there that end in .ca Speaking of gov'ts...did you know that 86 percent of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?	That is insane. i wonder what the govt does on all that empty land. alien experiments? war games? LOL
That is insane. i wonder what the govt does on all that empty land. alien experiments? war games? LOL	Both! lol In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest. I had fun chatting with you!
Both! lol In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest. I had fun chatting with you!	I had a lot of fun chatting too! Have a good evening!
I had a lot of fun chatting too! Have a good evening!	You have a good night too!
You have a good night too!	hi, do you know much about the government?
hi, do you know much about the government?	Hi! I know an average amount about the government, but recently learned that the government is under intense pressure to come clean about the mistreatment of people that were invited to settle after World War II when there were labor shortages, what started those pressures anyway?
Hi! I know an average amount about the government, but recently learned that the government is under intense pressure to come clean about the mistreatment of people that were invited to settle after World War II when there were labor shortages, what started those pressures anyway?	oh wow did not know that. wonder if wikileaks has any info about that
oh wow did not know that. wonder if wikileaks has any info about that	They might, Do you know what the controversy is surrounding Wikileaks?
They might, Do you know what the controversy is surrounding Wikileaks?	yeah they have published secret documents that show how the gov't is trying to destroy them
yeah they have published secret documents that show how the gov't is trying to destroy them	Oh no wonder, what were the consequences as a result of the leaks? Were there charges pressed?
Oh no wonder, what were the consequences as a result of the leaks? Were there charges pressed?	yeah and i think that is why the ceo was deported
yeah and i think that is why the ceo was deported	Oh wow, I wonder if the CEO wanted to renounce his citizenship since the US government publishes the full names of people who chooses to renounce their citizenship.
Oh wow, I wonder if the CEO wanted to renounce his citizenship since the US government publishes the full names of people who chooses to renounce their citizenship.	yeah that is a strange one. do you listen to the radio?
yeah that is a strange one. do you listen to the radio?	Yes but I only listen to the radio when in the car, though I have yet to stumble upon the station that plays solar sounds of the sun's music. Have you?
Yes but I only listen to the radio when in the car, though I have yet to stumble upon the station that plays solar sounds of the sun's music. Have you?	no but that is an interesting one. have you ever listened to canadian radio?
no but that is an interesting one. have you ever listened to canadian radio?	No, I'm not familiar with Canadian radio, how is it different from American radio?
No, I'm not familiar with Canadian radio, how is it different from American radio?	well they are required to play canadian music 40%of the time
well they are required to play canadian music 40%of the time	Wow, how do they monitor that radio stations do that? Is there a penalty for not hitting those numbers?
Wow, how do they monitor that radio stations do that? Is there a penalty for not hitting those numbers?	i think so, i am not entirely sure though
i think so, i am not entirely sure though	I heard on the radio this morning that there have been five presidents that have won the popular vote but still lost the presidential election, do you think that deters people from voting?
I heard on the radio this morning that there have been five presidents that have won the popular vote but still lost the presidential election, do you think that deters people from voting?	I think so, because then why are we voting
I think so, because then why are we voting	Yeah, do you wish the US system chose its presents based on the popular vote instead of the current system?
Yeah, do you wish the US system chose its presents based on the popular vote instead of the current system?	Very much so. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents were?
Very much so. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents were?	Me too, I'm not sure who the wealthiest presidents are, but if I had to take a guess, I'm thinking that Trump isn't on that list?
Me too, I'm not sure who the wealthiest presidents are, but if I had to take a guess, I'm thinking that Trump isn't on that list?	nope he is not. nice chat
nope he is not. nice chat	What do you think about the new royal couple Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?
What do you think about the new royal couple Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?	I think its sort of interesting seeing that she is American and an actress. It s pretty cool.
I think its sort of interesting seeing that she is American and an actress. It s pretty cool.	I wonder how they chose who attended their wedding? They visited Wales and Cardiff the Welsh capital together.
I wonder how they chose who attended their wedding? They visited Wales and Cardiff the Welsh capital together.	I wonder that too. Cardiff sounds lovely. They gathered outside the castle there. Sounds really nice. Sounds like she had a good reception there.
I wonder that too. Cardiff sounds lovely. They gathered outside the castle there. Sounds really nice. Sounds like she had a good reception there.	Markle is very popular. They called Markle a natural with the crowds and they even had "Meghan Mania." Do you enjoy the couple?
Markle is very popular. They called Markle a natural with the crowds and they even had "Meghan Mania." Do you enjoy the couple?	I do. I think they seem to be nice and genuine people. Seems like there was some questions about Trump attending the wedding buy Theresa May dodged them.
I do. I think they seem to be nice and genuine people. Seems like there was some questions about Trump attending the wedding buy Theresa May dodged them.	The Windsor Chapel, the site of their marriage seats about 800 people, so not sure he was invited. But May said she wasn't responsible for invites.
The Windsor Chapel, the site of their marriage seats about 800 people, so not sure he was invited. But May said she wasn't responsible for invites.	Oh I see. Sounds like they are free to invite or not invite who they want. They dont even have to invite the foreign heads of state.
Oh I see. Sounds like they are free to invite or not invite who they want. They dont even have to invite the foreign heads of state.	Meghan and Prince Harry got to experience Welsh culture preparing for their wedding and sampling Welsh cakes. Sounds like fun!
Meghan and Prince Harry got to experience Welsh culture preparing for their wedding and sampling Welsh cakes. Sounds like fun!	I bet. I met some Welsh people this summer. They were fantastic. They even visited a radio station in London.
I bet. I met some Welsh people this summer. They were fantastic. They even visited a radio station in London.	It was questionable whether Obama and his wife would be invited to the wedding as well.
It was questionable whether Obama and his wife would be invited to the wedding as well.	I wonder if they liked Obama there. Sounds like they stayed pretty secret about who they were sending invites too.
I wonder if they liked Obama there. Sounds like they stayed pretty secret about who they were sending invites too.	Harry when interviewed by BBC said he didn't want to ruin the surprise of who was invited.
Harry when interviewed by BBC said he didn't want to ruin the surprise of who was invited.	I think that is pretty cool. I am glad, that for the most part, Markle has been being received well. I couldnt believe that Henry Bolton's girlfriend at the time sent racists texts about her.
I think that is pretty cool. I am glad, that for the most part, Markle has been being received well. I couldnt believe that Henry Bolton's girlfriend at the time sent racists texts about her.	That is sad. Do you listen to radio? If you do, you can hear radio storms from Jupiter on am radio.
That is sad. Do you listen to radio? If you do, you can hear radio storms from Jupiter on am radio.	That sounds amazing. I want to check out the website that has all the old classic radio dramas.
That sounds amazing. I want to check out the website that has all the old classic radio dramas.	You can use just a razorblade and pencil to make a simple radio like the soldiers in wwii made if you don't have one.
You can use just a razorblade and pencil to make a simple radio like the soldiers in wwii made if you don't have one.	I wonder how they figured that out. Canada has a law that requires 40% of music played must be Canadian.
I wonder how they figured that out. Canada has a law that requires 40% of music played must be Canadian.	They must have been geniuses. Take a guess at who the three wealthiest presidents are. Do you think Trump?
They must have been geniuses. Take a guess at who the three wealthiest presidents are. Do you think Trump?	I would say at this point. I would bet JFK was extremely wealthy. Curious what Washington and Jefferson would be in todays money?
I would say at this point. I would bet JFK was extremely wealthy. Curious what Washington and Jefferson would be in todays money?	Wonder how much Washington paid for his wig since he was loaded? The first president of zimbabwe was called President Banana.
Wonder how much Washington paid for his wig since he was loaded? The first president of zimbabwe was called President Banana.	Hi, what is your opinion about the government?
Hi, what is your opinion about the government?	Hello, I guess it depends on what aspect of the government you are referring to. I read recently that Nevada is mostly owned by the government.
Hello, I guess it depends on what aspect of the government you are referring to. I read recently that Nevada is mostly owned by the government.	I think The United States government owns 47 percent of all land in the West. ... Utah and Nevada, the majority of land is owned by the federal government. Is it right?
I think The United States government owns 47 percent of all land in the West. ... Utah and Nevada, the majority of land is owned by the federal government. Is it right?	That is interesting. I did not know that.
That is interesting. I did not know that.	The federal government owns more land in Nevada than any other state. Here's which counties in Nevada the government owns the most land.
The federal government owns more land in Nevada than any other state. Here's which counties in Nevada the government owns the most land.	I see. I read some interesting facts about other governments too. Someone impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice!
I see. I read some interesting facts about other governments too. Someone impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice!	Oh! that's nice.
Oh! that's nice.	That is crazy lol how does someone even go about getting the official papers
That is crazy lol how does someone even go about getting the official papers	Sorry, i don't know about it.
Sorry, i don't know about it.	looks like the norwegian government donated 1 billion dollars to save the amazon rainforest. that was nice of them.
looks like the norwegian government donated 1 billion dollars to save the amazon rainforest. that was nice of them.	Yes, it's too good. Do you like Radio?
Yes, it's too good. Do you like Radio?	Yes, I like listening to the radio.
Yes, I like listening to the radio.	Which program you mostly like?
Which program you mostly like?	hmmm I mostly listen to music on the radio. But I guess they have some morning discussions between them in the morning that I like too. What kind of music do you listen to? I learned that in Canada they have to play 40% canadian music.
hmmm I mostly listen to music on the radio. But I guess they have some morning discussions between them in the morning that I like too. What kind of music do you listen to? I learned that in Canada they have to play 40% canadian music.	Yes, that's interesting.
Yes, that's interesting.	What kind of music do you listen to? I hear there is station that you can hear old classic dramas for free. If you like that sort of thing. I guess it is kinda like an audio book lol
What kind of music do you listen to? I hear there is station that you can hear old classic dramas for free. If you like that sort of thing. I guess it is kinda like an audio book lol	I mostly like The Goon Show.
I mostly like The Goon Show.	Whhat kind of radio show is that?
Whhat kind of radio show is that?	The Goon Show was a British radio comedy program.
The Goon Show was a British radio comedy program.	Oh I see.
Oh I see.	Okay, thank you very much for chat with me.
Okay, thank you very much for chat with me.	Nice chatting.
Nice chatting.	How's it going, did you know in parliamentary republics the role of president is largely ceremonial?
How's it going, did you know in parliamentary republics the role of president is largely ceremonial?	It's going good. I didn't know that. I know that in authoritarian regimes, dictaror or leader of a one party state may also be callled a president.
It's going good. I didn't know that. I know that in authoritarian regimes, dictaror or leader of a one party state may also be callled a president.	I never knew the 3 wealthiest US presidents were Jefferson, JFK, and Washington
I never knew the 3 wealthiest US presidents were Jefferson, JFK, and Washington	I didn't either. I wonder if Trump is now on that list?
I didn't either. I wonder if Trump is now on that list?	Maybe. It's pretty interesting the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana
Maybe. It's pretty interesting the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana	That is interesting! I think it's funny that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol
That is interesting! I think it's funny that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office. lol	Yea, the president of Indonesia must of been a good singer if he released more than 1 album
Yea, the president of Indonesia must of been a good singer if he released more than 1 album	I know right? Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president. I wonder how they worked out? Bet they fought a lot behind closed doors.
I know right? Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president. I wonder how they worked out? Bet they fought a lot behind closed doors.	Yea, that's probably why they stopped letting the runner up be vice president starting in 1805
Yea, that's probably why they stopped letting the runner up be vice president starting in 1805	haha I wonder why the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
haha I wonder why the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?	That is odd, I wonder if President Banana or the pop singing Indonesian President have ever been in the guest house
That is odd, I wonder if President Banana or the pop singing Indonesian President have ever been in the guest house	Hahaha They might have been there!
Hahaha They might have been there!	Speaking of music, did you know in WWII soldiers made radios from a razor blade and pencil?
Speaking of music, did you know in WWII soldiers made radios from a razor blade and pencil?	I didn't. That is pretty cool and I wonder how they knew how to do that?
I didn't. That is pretty cool and I wonder how they knew how to do that?	I couldn't figure it out. I heard that you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms on an AM radio, I got to try that out
I couldn't figure it out. I heard that you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms on an AM radio, I got to try that out	That does sound neat. I'm going to look and see if there's a particular channel to use.
That does sound neat. I'm going to look and see if there's a particular channel to use.	Yea, I'd rather listen to that than Nuntii Latini, a weekly news program done in classical latin
Yea, I'd rather listen to that than Nuntii Latini, a weekly news program done in classical latin	haha I've heard of that show. They've been streaming that on a Finnish radio station since 1989.
haha I've heard of that show. They've been streaming that on a Finnish radio station since 1989.	I'd rather listen to classic radio dramas online for free
I'd rather listen to classic radio dramas online for free	I've never listened to a radio drama. I'll have to find that website and give a listen.
I've never listened to a radio drama. I'll have to find that website and give a listen.	Well I got to go, have a nice day
Well I got to go, have a nice day	How do you think our president is doing?
How do you think our president is doing?	If you look at the stats and avoid the so-called news, very well...
If you look at the stats and avoid the so-called news, very well...	that is a good way to put it! I think if he released a pop album like the president of indonesia, it may help him with everyone lol
that is a good way to put it! I think if he released a pop album like the president of indonesia, it may help him with everyone lol	I just can picture him singing! the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called banana!
I just can picture him singing! the 1st president of Zimbabwe was called banana!	our president needs a nickname
our president needs a nickname	Is that because of his hair or skin? I never quite got that. I guess his guest house is bigger than his house house.
Is that because of his hair or skin? I never quite got that. I guess his guest house is bigger than his house house.	both lol! I have seen the white house but never saw the guest house. I wonder why that is, do you know?
both lol! I have seen the white house but never saw the guest house. I wonder why that is, do you know?	I was wondering the same. Is it attached? He doesn't need it with all his hotels. He didn't make the top 3 wealthiest presidents? They are JFK, Jefferson and Washington according to my recent reading.
I was wondering the same. Is it attached? He doesn't need it with all his hotels. He didn't make the top 3 wealthiest presidents? They are JFK, Jefferson and Washington according to my recent reading.	right! I wonder if it is to show off to other countries guests. I think he may be the top if we ever get his tax returns lol
right! I wonder if it is to show off to other countries guests. I think he may be the top if we ever get his tax returns lol	I'm just wondering how they compared a limo to a horse. Weird that before 1805, the runner up in a presidential election was made the VP. That would mean Hillary and Trump would work together! WOW
I'm just wondering how they compared a limo to a horse. Weird that before 1805, the runner up in a presidential election was made the VP. That would mean Hillary and Trump would work together! WOW	That would be the best reality show ever! I would pay to see that, maybe they could have made the pop album together lol!
That would be the best reality show ever! I would pay to see that, maybe they could have made the pop album together lol!	Amen! I think that album would be death to one's ears. Did you know that 86% of the land in NV is owned by the government. The rest must be casinos and nuclear test grounds.
Amen! I think that album would be death to one's ears. Did you know that 86% of the land in NV is owned by the government. The rest must be casinos and nuclear test grounds.	That is a good point, I wonder if the 86 percent is all deserts and wonder what they do there.
That is a good point, I wonder if the 86 percent is all deserts and wonder what they do there.	It may be BLM land leased to farmers and ranchers? Funny that Wikileaks published plans of the gov't plans to destroy them. We should hire Wikileaks to do the work of the CIA and FBI.
It may be BLM land leased to farmers and ranchers? Funny that Wikileaks published plans of the gov't plans to destroy them. We should hire Wikileaks to do the work of the CIA and FBI.	Right lol they could tell us everything. There should be a wikileaks channel on the radio!
Right lol they could tell us everything. There should be a wikileaks channel on the radio!	Yep! It's wild that soldiers in WWI could make a radio from razor blades and pencils. I could make a drawing of me cutting myself.
Yep! It's wild that soldiers in WWI could make a radio from razor blades and pencils. I could make a drawing of me cutting myself.	right, I would be drawing that too. I wonder how that worked. Radios are crazy, they pick up storms from jupiter sometimes!
right, I would be drawing that too. I wonder how that worked. Radios are crazy, they pick up storms from jupiter sometimes!	I think that's all I can get on my AM radio in my car. I've yet to tune into episodes on classic radio dramas like one can get on internet.
I think that's all I can get on my AM radio in my car. I've yet to tune into episodes on classic radio dramas like one can get on internet.	lol me too. I would be interested to listen to a drama on a long road trip. I am glad it is free so I could test it out.
lol me too. I would be interested to listen to a drama on a long road trip. I am glad it is free so I could test it out.	Yeah, I've been thinking about getting XM but I don't drive that much. I may, as an alternative, invest in buying the Eiffel Tower. There's a guy in France that' sold it twice.
Yeah, I've been thinking about getting XM but I don't drive that much. I may, as an alternative, invest in buying the Eiffel Tower. There's a guy in France that' sold it twice.	Right, lol, I wonder how he did it not once, but twice! It was so nice chatting with you, enjoy your night!
Right, lol, I wonder how he did it not once, but twice! It was so nice chatting with you, enjoy your night!	Are you a fan of our president?
Are you a fan of our president?	I am a fan of America and want our presidents to do well. Are you a fan of our president?
I am a fan of America and want our presidents to do well. Are you a fan of our president?	For sure, he is our elected official and we can't do anything about it so I support him in most things. He isn't one of the three richest ever presidents though
For sure, he is our elected official and we can't do anything about it so I support him in most things. He isn't one of the three richest ever presidents though	Really? Who is?
Really? Who is?	JFK, washington, and jefferson. I wonder how they all got their money
JFK, washington, and jefferson. I wonder how they all got their money	Slavery. The guest house is bigger than the white house. Seems strange,
Slavery. The guest house is bigger than the white house. Seems strange,	yea i was thinking that also, kind of sad to think that but that is our history. I have never seen the guest house, i may have to google it. Have you seen it?
yea i was thinking that also, kind of sad to think that but that is our history. I have never seen the guest house, i may have to google it. Have you seen it?	I have not. I want to google it too. That and the replicas of the white house in france and england.
I have not. I want to google it too. That and the replicas of the white house in france and england.	for sure, i may want to check those out sometime in my life. Did you know that the government owns 86% of nevada
for sure, i may want to check those out sometime in my life. Did you know that the government owns 86% of nevada	AREA 51! Just kidding, I do not believe in that. Like I would not believe someone trying to sell me the Eiffel Tower.
AREA 51! Just kidding, I do not believe in that. Like I would not believe someone trying to sell me the Eiffel Tower.	I was thinking the same thing! I heard they sold it twice and people actually bought it!
I was thinking the same thing! I heard they sold it twice and people actually bought it!	Maybe they used the proceeds to help save the rainforest.
Maybe they used the proceeds to help save the rainforest.	I would hope so. The norwegian government sends money to save the rainforest, I dont know how much but hopefully it was a lot
I would hope so. The norwegian government sends money to save the rainforest, I dont know how much but hopefully it was a lot	Did you know the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums? I wonder if they are any good...
Did you know the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums? I wonder if they are any good...	WHAT! I did not know that. Maybe Trump should release one, I would like him a little more lol
WHAT! I did not know that. Maybe Trump should release one, I would like him a little more lol	I would worry about the album. It would be rough listening!
I would worry about the album. It would be rough listening!	Ha I wonder what he would sing about.
Ha I wonder what he would sing about.	HA! He can incorporate his experiences as president into a pop album.
HA! He can incorporate his experiences as president into a pop album.	There you go, you got something good going. What would life be like if the runner up became vice president
There you go, you got something good going. What would life be like if the runner up became vice president	Terrible. I am fairly certain there would be blood shed in the white house. That or hilary would move to the guest house or replica house in France.
Terrible. I am fairly certain there would be blood shed in the white house. That or hilary would move to the guest house or replica house in France.	For sure lol. He would make her move there or "lock her up" what a crazy time in our history
For sure lol. He would make her move there or "lock her up" what a crazy time in our history	Agreed. Nice chatting with you!
Agreed. Nice chatting with you!	Hello - do you follow government?
Hello - do you follow government?	I like to stay involved I am afraid ot those deaths over in Maryland and North Virignia
I like to stay involved I am afraid ot those deaths over in Maryland and North Virignia	I do too. Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.
I do too. Wikileaks published the governments plan to destroy Wikileaks.	I think thats funny and also ironic, seems like Wikileaks is one step ahead of the govenmet
I think thats funny and also ironic, seems like Wikileaks is one step ahead of the govenmet	I think that's funny too. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?
I think that's funny too. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?	No I didnt know that, 86% of the land! thats a lot, there must be a couple blacksites there
No I didnt know that, 86% of the land! thats a lot, there must be a couple blacksites there	I bet lol. In 2006, the US passed a law protecting the government employees from being prosecuted from violating the geneva conventionsl.
I bet lol. In 2006, the US passed a law protecting the government employees from being prosecuted from violating the geneva conventionsl.	I think that law protects a lot of corrupt polititican I do not agree with it, did you hear about the man that sold the Eiffer tower twice?
I think that law protects a lot of corrupt polititican I do not agree with it, did you hear about the man that sold the Eiffer tower twice?	I did not hear about that. How did that happen?
I did not hear about that. How did that happen?	He posed as a government official and found two suckers that feel for it
He posed as a government official and found two suckers that feel for it	Oh wow that's crazy. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.
Oh wow that's crazy. In 2008, the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rainforest.	I think thats praiseworth, more goverments should do the same and try to protect out planet, we have limited resources afterall
I think thats praiseworth, more goverments should do the same and try to protect out planet, we have limited resources afterall	I agree. Do you listen to the radio?
I agree. Do you listen to the radio?	I do, interesting how the radio works, it carries waves in form of information, it looks simple but theres a lot of science behind the inventiion
I do, interesting how the radio works, it carries waves in form of information, it looks simple but theres a lot of science behind the inventiion	Yea I love the radio. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth.
Yea I love the radio. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be heard on Earth.	That must be amazing, a bit boring after a while but I like astonomy
That must be amazing, a bit boring after a while but I like astonomy	I bet it's very boring lol. In Canada, all radios must play at least 40% of the music from Canada.
I bet it's very boring lol. In Canada, all radios must play at least 40% of the music from Canada.	What do you think about this law? seems like local talent is supported over there
What do you think about this law? seems like local talent is supported over there	I think it's a decent law. I guess I'm not opposed to it.
I think it's a decent law. I guess I'm not opposed to it.	I think it helps artists grow and develope their carrers, there are some great artist from Canada so I guess its paying offf
I think it helps artists grow and develope their carrers, there are some great artist from Canada so I guess its paying offf	It was good talking to you.
It was good talking to you.	Good morning.
Good morning.	Good morning. Do you trust the government?
Good morning. Do you trust the government?	Wow, that is a very interesting question. In general, it is hard to trust them all of the time, but I do find the history of our government quire interesting.
Wow, that is a very interesting question. In general, it is hard to trust them all of the time, but I do find the history of our government quire interesting.	I believe having a more malleable government, responsive to the people would be better. Do you know if the US government was more responsive in the past?
I believe having a more malleable government, responsive to the people would be better. Do you know if the US government was more responsive in the past?	Maybe when we were a smaller country. It is hard when the US has gotten so large to respond to everyone. Even at the state level it can be challenging.
Maybe when we were a smaller country. It is hard when the US has gotten so large to respond to everyone. Even at the state level it can be challenging.	I wish the states had more room to experiment with various policies without the feds or supreme court coming in an making law for the entire nation. If texas wants open carry of automatic weapons, and Massachusetts wants to try single-payer healthcare, then let them, and let people come and go. It's hard to break free when the Feds own most of the land, like they do in Nevada.
I wish the states had more room to experiment with various policies without the feds or supreme court coming in an making law for the entire nation. If texas wants open carry of automatic weapons, and Massachusetts wants to try single-payer healthcare, then let them, and let people come and go. It's hard to break free when the Feds own most of the land, like they do in Nevada.	It is hard to believe the government owns 86% of Nevada. I know it is important for our government to balance the ideas of individual freedom and absolute state authority. That is a hard balance to achieve at times.
It is hard to believe the government owns 86% of Nevada. I know it is important for our government to balance the ideas of individual freedom and absolute state authority. That is a hard balance to achieve at times.	Why should "absolute state authority" be of importance? Like a dictatorship?
Why should "absolute state authority" be of importance? Like a dictatorship?	Well, the government does have laws and policies to enforce which is important. If everyone had the freedom to choose what they wanted to do, it would be chaos. I understand the need for some measure of control by the government, but not too much.
Well, the government does have laws and policies to enforce which is important. If everyone had the freedom to choose what they wanted to do, it would be chaos. I understand the need for some measure of control by the government, but not too much.	I would agree that government should enforce laws, but just in the service of keeping some people from taking away the freedom, property, and life of other people. As my friend says, you've got to protect people from the bad guys (thieves, murderers, etc.)
I would agree that government should enforce laws, but just in the service of keeping some people from taking away the freedom, property, and life of other people. As my friend says, you've got to protect people from the bad guys (thieves, murderers, etc.)	I agree. Some government bodies do good things, such as the Norweigan government who donated money to help save the Amazon rainforest. That is a government I can respect.
I agree. Some government bodies do good things, such as the Norweigan government who donated money to help save the Amazon rainforest. That is a government I can respect.	That is laudable. Do you know how "donations to help save" something like the rainforest work? Is there a rainforest protection group of forest rangers than keep people from cutting and burning down trees?
That is laudable. Do you know how "donations to help save" something like the rainforest work? Is there a rainforest protection group of forest rangers than keep people from cutting and burning down trees?	I hope so. I would hate to think they gave that money for no reason. Speaking of Norway, I wonder if their government system has a President. President is a common title for heads of state.
I hope so. I would hate to think they gave that money for no reason. Speaking of Norway, I wonder if their government system has a President. President is a common title for heads of state.	It is. I don't think all "presidents" behave or function like they do/should in the US. It's hard to say that a dictator is really a president. In Europe, there is a distinction between president and prime minister ... which could be a good thing. What do you think?
It is. I don't think all "presidents" behave or function like they do/should in the US. It's hard to say that a dictator is really a president. In Europe, there is a distinction between president and prime minister ... which could be a good thing. What do you think?	I don't know that one is better than the other. All countries do these things differently. I some places the President is really just ceremonial.
I don't know that one is better than the other. All countries do these things differently. I some places the President is really just ceremonial.	Like the Queen? Do you think a ceremonial purpose is a good reason to have a high-profile, highly-paid government official?
Like the Queen? Do you think a ceremonial purpose is a good reason to have a high-profile, highly-paid government official?	Maybe, maybe not. Even when they are ceremonial, it still can mean something to the country I supposed. It could go the opposite where a dictator gives themself the title of president and they have absolute power.
Maybe, maybe not. Even when they are ceremonial, it still can mean something to the country I supposed. It could go the opposite where a dictator gives themself the title of president and they have absolute power.	Well, that just becomes an abuse and distortion of the political reality. North Korea is the "Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea" which is a farce. I'll be no where in NK are policies decided by the people themselves.
Well, that just becomes an abuse and distortion of the political reality. North Korea is the "Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea" which is a farce. I'll be no where in NK are policies decided by the people themselves.	Well, on a lighter note, the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums which I think is quite funny.
Well, on a lighter note, the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums which I think is quite funny.	I think it's sad. It means he or she has enough free time to do the work of a pop star. And it's pop music ... I wish entertainment and politics would just get away from each other.
I think it's sad. It means he or she has enough free time to do the work of a pop star. And it's pop music ... I wish entertainment and politics would just get away from each other.	That would probably be for the best. You have a lot of information and opinions and I think I should brush up on my political knowledge. I think I will go do that now, thanks for the insight.
That would probably be for the best. You have a lot of information and opinions and I think I should brush up on my political knowledge. I think I will go do that now, thanks for the insight.	Hello, are you interested in politics at all?
Hello, are you interested in politics at all?	Hi, Yes. I listen to a lot of political radio shows.
Hi, Yes. I listen to a lot of political radio shows.	The radio is definitely censored to some extent though. For example, in Canada at least 40% of music played has to be Canadian.
The radio is definitely censored to some extent though. For example, in Canada at least 40% of music played has to be Canadian.	I wouldn't exactly call that censoring but it is strange, but I guess it's how bands like Sloan and Our Lady Peace became so popular in Canada yet only achieved modest success elsewhere.
I wouldn't exactly call that censoring but it is strange, but I guess it's how bands like Sloan and Our Lady Peace became so popular in Canada yet only achieved modest success elsewhere.	I wonder how the culture was back when radios were more simple. In WWII soldiers made radios out of just a razorblade and pencil.
I wonder how the culture was back when radios were more simple. In WWII soldiers made radios out of just a razorblade and pencil.	I don't think radio technology has improved that much as far as amplitude. AM/FM stations still have really short range. A modest car trip and the local stations are already out of range.
I don't think radio technology has improved that much as far as amplitude. AM/FM stations still have really short range. A modest car trip and the local stations are already out of range.	At the same time, we can pick up radio storms from Jupiter, they are strong enough.
At the same time, we can pick up radio storms from Jupiter, they are strong enough.	Oh right I have heard of people who do that. I think maybe it's because the transmitters only send the radio waves short wave, where as the radio storms on jupiter are naturally occurring and everything there is massive.
Oh right I have heard of people who do that. I think maybe it's because the transmitters only send the radio waves short wave, where as the radio storms on jupiter are naturally occurring and everything there is massive.	That makes sense. All I know is I don't think radio is enticing enough to pay money for. I go to a website that has thousands of free radio dramas.
That makes sense. All I know is I don't think radio is enticing enough to pay money for. I go to a website that has thousands of free radio dramas.	I agree, free radio is fine. Pay radio just isn't significantly better. I was listening to one show where they were saying the Norwegian government donated a billion dollars to save the rainforests in the amazon. I wish other countries would take that approach.
I agree, free radio is fine. Pay radio just isn't significantly better. I was listening to one show where they were saying the Norwegian government donated a billion dollars to save the rainforests in the amazon. I wish other countries would take that approach.	That's interesting, a lot of radio stations have their own agenda which is nice. A finnish radio station broadcasts a weely program entirely in classical latin.
That's interesting, a lot of radio stations have their own agenda which is nice. A finnish radio station broadcasts a weely program entirely in classical latin.	I doubt they get many listeners, who can understand classical latin? There certainly is some weird stuff on the radio. I heard this one pop song and it turned out it was by the president of Indonesia!
I doubt they get many listeners, who can understand classical latin? There certainly is some weird stuff on the radio. I heard this one pop song and it turned out it was by the president of Indonesia!	Presidents are certainly hard to take seriously when they do things like that. Then again, hard to be taken less seriously than President Banana, the first president of Zimbabwe.
Presidents are certainly hard to take seriously when they do things like that. Then again, hard to be taken less seriously than President Banana, the first president of Zimbabwe.	I'm sure he had ways of dealing with people who laughed at his name. The Indonesian president / pop star released 3 albums while in office so it wasn't even a one time thing.
I'm sure he had ways of dealing with people who laughed at his name. The Indonesian president / pop star released 3 albums while in office so it wasn't even a one time thing.	That's interesting. I think a lot of changes have been made in general with presidents. In the US, the vice president used to just be the runner up.
That's interesting. I think a lot of changes have been made in general with presidents. In the US, the vice president used to just be the runner up.	Imagine if they still did that now. Trump would love it.
Imagine if they still did that now. Trump would love it.	Oh I'm sure he would. Speaking of Trump, it's amazing he isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents in history.
Oh I'm sure he would. Speaking of Trump, it's amazing he isn't even one of the three wealthiest presidents in history.	Really? I never would have guessed that. I know George Washington was really rich, so was JFK.
Really? I never would have guessed that. I know George Washington was really rich, so was JFK.	Maybe they refer to the three wealthiest based off of inflation, it would have to be like that.
Maybe they refer to the three wealthiest based off of inflation, it would have to be like that.	Probably. I can't imagine 3 having more actual dollars than Trump. Apparently he wants to create his own "news" network since he hates CNN so much. If he did that he'd probably drop further on the list.
Probably. I can't imagine 3 having more actual dollars than Trump. Apparently he wants to create his own "news" network since he hates CNN so much. If he did that he'd probably drop further on the list.	I'm sure he is, I heard it's in his plans to destroy Wikileaks too, which was ironically outed by Wikileaks. Anyways, it was nice chatting with you, have a good night!
I'm sure he is, I heard it's in his plans to destroy Wikileaks too, which was ironically outed by Wikileaks. Anyways, it was nice chatting with you, have a good night!	Hello! How are you today?
Hello! How are you today?	I good. Trump has done some really off the wall things. Do you like him?
I good. Trump has done some really off the wall things. Do you like him?	I don't, do you? He just threw NATO into chaos too.
I don't, do you? He just threw NATO into chaos too.	Yes I do like him. But that's probably a subject we would never agree on. Did you know that the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
Yes I do like him. But that's probably a subject we would never agree on. Did you know that the first president of zimbabwe was called president banana?	I'll admit he does some good things and some bad things, but every president has been there haha. That is very interesting!
I'll admit he does some good things and some bad things, but every president has been there haha. That is very interesting!	Very true.
Very true.	Haha that is too funny. Do you know who were the top three wealthiest presidents?
Haha that is too funny. Do you know who were the top three wealthiest presidents?	No, who were they?
No, who were they?	They were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I wonder how much money they had!
They were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I wonder how much money they had!	I wonder if that's adjusted for inflation. Because I would have thought it would be Trump.
I wonder if that's adjusted for inflation. Because I would have thought it would be Trump.	Maybe it is who knows. I think if Trump released 3 pop albums in office like the President of Indonesia, he'd be the wealthiest lol.
Maybe it is who knows. I think if Trump released 3 pop albums in office like the President of Indonesia, he'd be the wealthiest lol.	Don't laugh that might be coming next. Did you know that until 1805 the runner up became vice president. That would mean we would have Trump as president and Hillary as vice president?
Don't laugh that might be coming next. Did you know that until 1805 the runner up became vice president. That would mean we would have Trump as president and Hillary as vice president?	Maybe it's a good thing they went away with that. I'm sure Hillary wouldn't like the situation.
Maybe it's a good thing they went away with that. I'm sure Hillary wouldn't like the situation.	Yes that would be a bad match.
Yes that would be a bad match.	I'm sure! Do you like to listen to the radio?
I'm sure! Do you like to listen to the radio?	Sure. Did you know Canada requires their radio stations to play at least 40% of their music to be Canadian?
Sure. Did you know Canada requires their radio stations to play at least 40% of their music to be Canadian?	I didn't know that! They probably have to play a lot of Beiber because of that lol.
I didn't know that! They probably have to play a lot of Beiber because of that lol.	Maybe they just don't have many good artists. But yet a lot of good groups come from Canada.
Maybe they just don't have many good artists. But yet a lot of good groups come from Canada.	Well anyways, I had a great chat, have a good one!
Well anyways, I had a great chat, have a good one!	Me too. You have a good day also.
Me too. You have a good day also.	Thank you!
Thank you!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Hello there, I am well thank you, how about you?
Hello there, I am well thank you, how about you?	I am well too, thanks. Did you know Trump is not a top 3 president, in terms of wealth?
I am well too, thanks. Did you know Trump is not a top 3 president, in terms of wealth?	Yeah I think I had read that, I bet he thinks he is though. Do you know who the top three are?
Yeah I think I had read that, I bet he thinks he is though. Do you know who the top three are?	I think it is Washington, Jefferson, and JFK. I wouldn't have guessed those three.
I think it is Washington, Jefferson, and JFK. I wouldn't have guessed those three.	I think you are right, yeah I wouldn't have either. Do you know who the last president to speak a foreign language was?
I think you are right, yeah I wouldn't have either. Do you know who the last president to speak a foreign language was?	I do not know. Who was it?
I do not know. Who was it?	I guess it was FDR, I would think there was more than just one. I think it should something all presidents should be able to do.
I guess it was FDR, I would think there was more than just one. I think it should something all presidents should be able to do.	Agreed. I would think being able to talk to others in their language would be helpful. At least they are not called president banana!
Agreed. I would think being able to talk to others in their language would be helpful. At least they are not called president banana!	Yeah isn't that funny! I think it was because his name was really close to that.
Yeah isn't that funny! I think it was because his name was really close to that.	I think we have our own unique president though... The guest house is bigger than the white house!
I think we have our own unique president though... The guest house is bigger than the white house!	Hey that is a good call, he sure does seem unique! And that is pretty wild, I wonder what the guests that come to stay think.
Hey that is a good call, he sure does seem unique! And that is pretty wild, I wonder what the guests that come to stay think.	I wonder if he will ever make a pop album?
I wonder if he will ever make a pop album?	I would be pretty upset if my president had enough time to make 3 albums while in charge of the country.
I would be pretty upset if my president had enough time to make 3 albums while in charge of the country.	Me too! Plus, who wants to hear their president sing? Did you see where in 1805 the runner up was the VP?
Me too! Plus, who wants to hear their president sing? Did you see where in 1805 the runner up was the VP?	Agreed, and yeah wouldn't that be something if we went back to that system. Talk about a reality show.
Agreed, and yeah wouldn't that be something if we went back to that system. Talk about a reality show.	I am not sure if we would be able to function as a government in today's society with Trump and Hilary, but it's worth giving them a chance.
I am not sure if we would be able to function as a government in today's society with Trump and Hilary, but it's worth giving them a chance.	Yeah I think I would agree, but who knows, maybe it would work better than what we have now.
Yeah I think I would agree, but who knows, maybe it would work better than what we have now.	Do you listen to the radio? There is a website where you can listen to old classic radio... kind of cool.
Do you listen to the radio? There is a website where you can listen to old classic radio... kind of cool.	Yeah I do when I am in my car. That sounds really cool, I'm sure there are a ton of good ones.
Yeah I do when I am in my car. That sounds really cool, I'm sure there are a ton of good ones.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Good. How are you?
Good. How are you?	I'm great. Do you follow government much?
I'm great. Do you follow government much?	Probably not as much as I should. Did you know there was only one U.S. President with a Phd?
Probably not as much as I should. Did you know there was only one U.S. President with a Phd?	Sounds about right. I figure most of them don't really like school much. The last president to speak a foreign language was FDR.
Sounds about right. I figure most of them don't really like school much. The last president to speak a foreign language was FDR.	That is interesting. Do you think it odd that while many countries use the term president, the role of the president is different?
That is interesting. Do you think it odd that while many countries use the term president, the role of the president is different?	I believe that. The powers vary with the constitution of the country. Generally though, I expect them to have money. The three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Surprised that Trump didn't make the list.
I believe that. The powers vary with the constitution of the country. Generally though, I expect them to have money. The three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Surprised that Trump didn't make the list.	That does surprise me. I would think Trump would make the list for sure. I think countries where the president is mainly ceremonially, such as royalty, would have a hard time listing their wealthiest presidents.
That does surprise me. I would think Trump would make the list for sure. I think countries where the president is mainly ceremonially, such as royalty, would have a hard time listing their wealthiest presidents.	I guess the real power lies elsewhere. The US president's guest house is larger than the White House. Trump must be disappointed by that, unless he plans to rent out the guest house like a hotel. Or maybe AirBnB.
I guess the real power lies elsewhere. The US president's guest house is larger than the White House. Trump must be disappointed by that, unless he plans to rent out the guest house like a hotel. Or maybe AirBnB.	Well that is interesting. I had no idea. Maybe we could all have bigger houses if the U.S. government did away with income tax like Monaco.
Well that is interesting. I had no idea. Maybe we could all have bigger houses if the U.S. government did away with income tax like Monaco.	I wonder where Monaco gets money for the government then. Some governments seem to do better than others. In 2008 the government of Norway donated $1billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. I don't know how much that helps, but it's the right idea.
I wonder where Monaco gets money for the government then. Some governments seem to do better than others. In 2008 the government of Norway donated $1billion to help save the Amazon rainforest. I don't know how much that helps, but it's the right idea.	Monaco makes enough money off of their casino, and they were able to do away with income tax in 1869. It is nice that the government of Norway has enough money to donate since some governments have had to be bailed out like the U.S. in 1895 by JP Morgan.
Monaco makes enough money off of their casino, and they were able to do away with income tax in 1869. It is nice that the government of Norway has enough money to donate since some governments have had to be bailed out like the U.S. in 1895 by JP Morgan.	Until 1805, the runner-up in a US presidential election became the Vice President. That system would make for some interesting pairings these days. I wonder how it would work in Indonesia. Would the VP get to release a couple of pop albums?
Until 1805, the runner-up in a US presidential election became the Vice President. That system would make for some interesting pairings these days. I wonder how it would work in Indonesia. Would the VP get to release a couple of pop albums?	I am not sure if that would work in today's current state of affairs. Maybe the VP would get to release a couple of pop albums, and if the chicago alt-rock radio station's djs didn't reveal the VP was hte singer, one of the songs could become the most requested track like the hanson song which was.
I am not sure if that would work in today's current state of affairs. Maybe the VP would get to release a couple of pop albums, and if the chicago alt-rock radio station's djs didn't reveal the VP was hte singer, one of the songs could become the most requested track like the hanson song which was.	Sneaky DJs! They knew what they were doing! Probably wouldn't work if the songs were in Latin though.
Sneaky DJs! They knew what they were doing! Probably wouldn't work if the songs were in Latin though.	It might make a little more difficult depending on the audience, but you never know. I mean look at one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s that was a ventriloquist.
It might make a little more difficult depending on the audience, but you never know. I mean look at one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s that was a ventriloquist.	On the radio. Hm. Defeats the whole point of being a ventriloquist. I guess the content of the patter was funny?
On the radio. Hm. Defeats the whole point of being a ventriloquist. I guess the content of the patter was funny?	I am thinking it must have been. I wonder if it was as interesting as Tom Wolfe's books, like the "The Right Stuff" and the "Bonfire of the Vanities?"
I am thinking it must have been. I wonder if it was as interesting as Tom Wolfe's books, like the "The Right Stuff" and the "Bonfire of the Vanities?"	Tom Wolfe lived a pretty good life. I haven't read his books, but many of them got made into films. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you!
Tom Wolfe lived a pretty good life. I haven't read his books, but many of them got made into films. Well, I've enjoyed chatting with you!	I think his books were a stark contrast to Serge Martin's book "The Agony of Modernization: Labor and Industrialization in Spain." It's been nice chatting with you as well.
I think his books were a stark contrast to Serge Martin's book "The Agony of Modernization: Labor and Industrialization in Spain." It's been nice chatting with you as well.	Thanks again!
Thanks again!	No problem. It was nice chatting with you.
No problem. It was nice chatting with you.	Hello. Could you imagine if our president had biker group that was almost a military arm and really supported him? That is what the Night Wolves are in Russia as they are pro-Putin and Kremlin.
Hello. Could you imagine if our president had biker group that was almost a military arm and really supported him? That is what the Night Wolves are in Russia as they are pro-Putin and Kremlin.	That's not too surprising that Putin uses the Night Wolves as proxy enforcers, it's been happening throughout history
That's not too surprising that Putin uses the Night Wolves as proxy enforcers, it's been happening throughout history	The poor Slovakians just want to be free of military occupation especially from Russia (or the old Soviet Union) and then they have to deal with it again with these biker gangs.
The poor Slovakians just want to be free of military occupation especially from Russia (or the old Soviet Union) and then they have to deal with it again with these biker gangs.	It's interesing that Slovak forces collaborated with the Nazis and fought against the Soviet forces during WWiI, no love lost between them
It's interesing that Slovak forces collaborated with the Nazis and fought against the Soviet forces during WWiI, no love lost between them	That's a good point. The old Soviet Union has a long memory as well. With the Night Wolves assisting, you have this mobile, quasi-military force that will intimidate from Slovakia to the Crimea.
That's a good point. The old Soviet Union has a long memory as well. With the Night Wolves assisting, you have this mobile, quasi-military force that will intimidate from Slovakia to the Crimea.	It seems to be pretty effective, I'm surprised there hasn't been more coverage on the Night Wolves paraded through Crimera
It seems to be pretty effective, I'm surprised there hasn't been more coverage on the Night Wolves paraded through Crimera	It is really a crazy region with global ramifications. Poland refused the Night Wolves entry through their lands. That said,, many countries the group want to traverse through have issues finding legal justification to prevent it.
It is really a crazy region with global ramifications. Poland refused the Night Wolves entry through their lands. That said,, many countries the group want to traverse through have issues finding legal justification to prevent it.	It's interesting how motorcycle gangs are prevalent not just in the US but in Europe as well
It's interesting how motorcycle gangs are prevalent not just in the US but in Europe as well	I thought that as well. I don't want to imply that Russia is the only place with questionable activity. Did you know that a guy pretending to be with the French government actually sold the Eiffel Tower twice?!?
I thought that as well. I don't want to imply that Russia is the only place with questionable activity. Did you know that a guy pretending to be with the French government actually sold the Eiffel Tower twice?!?	Lol no, that's hilarious. I wonder how much he sold the Eiffel tower for
Lol no, that's hilarious. I wonder how much he sold the Eiffel tower for	That is a good question. Imagine the person trying to come and claim it with their bill of sale in tow.
That is a good question. Imagine the person trying to come and claim it with their bill of sale in tow.	He should try and sell Nevada, 86% of the land in owned by the US government
He should try and sell Nevada, 86% of the land in owned by the US government	Good luck with that! Maybe that is where the government is planning to destroy Wikileaks, which we all know will end up on that site anyway.
Good luck with that! Maybe that is where the government is planning to destroy Wikileaks, which we all know will end up on that site anyway.	Or maybe the Gov't is using AM radios to harvest the energy from Jupiter's radio storms
Or maybe the Gov't is using AM radios to harvest the energy from Jupiter's radio storms	I might take that over forcing us to listen to US music. In Canada, a law mandates that nearly half of all music content on the radio has to be Canadian.
I might take that over forcing us to listen to US music. In Canada, a law mandates that nearly half of all music content on the radio has to be Canadian.	Still it's not as worse as listening to the all classical latin new program Nuntii Latini in Finland
Still it's not as worse as listening to the all classical latin new program Nuntii Latini in Finland	Good point. I'd probably stick with some classic radio dramas. I hear you can listen to thousands of those for free online.
Good point. I'd probably stick with some classic radio dramas. I hear you can listen to thousands of those for free online.	That sounds good but you won't be able to listen to them if all you have is a radio made from a razorblade and pencil
That sounds good but you won't be able to listen to them if all you have is a radio made from a razorblade and pencil	Who listens to it that way? Can that be done?
Who listens to it that way? Can that be done?	The soldiers in WWII did and called them foxhole radios
The soldiers in WWII did and called them foxhole radios	That's really cool and so innovative. Not sure if it is as innovative as say a president releasing pop albums while in office! LOL
That's really cool and so innovative. Not sure if it is as innovative as say a president releasing pop albums while in office! LOL	Don't give Trump any ideas. Well I got to go, nice chatting with you
Don't give Trump any ideas. Well I got to go, nice chatting with you	hi, what do you know about the government?
hi, what do you know about the government?	Hello! I think government is interesting, they can have too much power though. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
Hello! I think government is interesting, they can have too much power though. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?	interesting, i wonder what they do with all that land really
interesting, i wonder what they do with all that land really	The government also had plans to destroy Wikileaks, I think Wikileaks actually exposed them, ironically.
The government also had plans to destroy Wikileaks, I think Wikileaks actually exposed them, ironically.	yesh go figure, they are so good at unfolding these things
yesh go figure, they are so good at unfolding these things	On the other hand they get played sometimes, I remember a man once impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice.
On the other hand they get played sometimes, I remember a man once impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower twice.	he must have been really smart to be able to ddo that twice
he must have been really smart to be able to ddo that twice	Governments aren't all terrible though. A decade ago the norwegian government donated money to help save the rainforest.
Governments aren't all terrible though. A decade ago the norwegian government donated money to help save the rainforest.	yeah that is really nice effort on their part
yeah that is really nice effort on their part	I think I heard about it on the radio so maybe it isn't 100% true. Do you use the radio often?
I think I heard about it on the radio so maybe it isn't 100% true. Do you use the radio often?	i do from time to time. apparently you can catch jupiter's storms on am
i do from time to time. apparently you can catch jupiter's storms on am	That's interesting! I prefer to use a website where I listen to a lot of classic radio dramas for free.
That's interesting! I prefer to use a website where I listen to a lot of classic radio dramas for free.	that is a nice option actually. do you know any latin?
that is a nice option actually. do you know any latin?	I do! I learned a little bit from this Finnish radio station, they host a weekly news program entirely in classical latin.
I do! I learned a little bit from this Finnish radio station, they host a weekly news program entirely in classical latin.	I really wonder how many listeners they have. you know how soldiers fashioned radion in WWII?
I really wonder how many listeners they have. you know how soldiers fashioned radion in WWII?	My grandfather told me they made them just using a razorblade and pencil, I can't imagine how they'd do that!
My grandfather told me they made them just using a razorblade and pencil, I can't imagine how they'd do that!	yeah very creative. did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star?
yeah very creative. did you know the president of indonesia is a pop star?	I didn't know that! Although I do remember he released albums while in office, that seems unprofessional.
I didn't know that! Although I do remember he released albums while in office, that seems unprofessional.	yeah, i also wonder if they are any good
yeah, i also wonder if they are any good	I bet they at least earned some money, maybe he could be richer than JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, those were the three most wealthy presidents in U.S. history.
I bet they at least earned some money, maybe he could be richer than JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, those were the three most wealthy presidents in U.S. history.	Oh I am sure they did and they are usually set for life after that. nice chat
Oh I am sure they did and they are usually set for life after that. nice chat	Do you know much about climate change?
Do you know much about climate change?	I know a little about climate change.
I know a little about climate change.	Evidently, the French President is really into it as an activist. I heard that it did not go so well with him because his environment minister resigned.
Evidently, the French President is really into it as an activist. I heard that it did not go so well with him because his environment minister resigned.	I do not know anything about the French. Why did his environment minister resign over that?
I do not know anything about the French. Why did his environment minister resign over that?	He said he didn't feel like the government was answering the problems properly. He felt like they were too lax.
He said he didn't feel like the government was answering the problems properly. He felt like they were too lax.	Hm. I will have to read more about that then!
Hm. I will have to read more about that then!	Speaking of the government, have you ever heard about the story about the guy who impersonated a govt official and sold the Eiffel Tower not once, but twice!?
Speaking of the government, have you ever heard about the story about the guy who impersonated a govt official and sold the Eiffel Tower not once, but twice!?	Nope! I have not heard about that Eiffel Tower guy. I guess the French have a lot of problems.
Nope! I have not heard about that Eiffel Tower guy. I guess the French have a lot of problems.	Sounds like it. Who do you think the 3 wealthiest presidents were?
Sounds like it. Who do you think the 3 wealthiest presidents were?	Washington, Jackson and Lincoln?
Washington, Jackson and Lincoln?	You got one right. They were JFK, Washington and jefferson.
You got one right. They were JFK, Washington and jefferson.	I should have known JFK. That just seems right now that you say it. I knew it his wife came from money. I wonder how they all came to be wealthy.
I should have known JFK. That just seems right now that you say it. I knew it his wife came from money. I wonder how they all came to be wealthy.	Not sure but the US President's guest house is larger than the White House. I wonder if it is on Air BNB. LOL.
Not sure but the US President's guest house is larger than the White House. I wonder if it is on Air BNB. LOL.	That would be nice! I wonder who is in the massive guest house now.
That would be nice! I wonder who is in the massive guest house now.	Me too! Probably not the President of Indonesia. I hear he has been busy working on his pop albums. He has released 3 while in office. Who has the time?
Me too! Probably not the President of Indonesia. I hear he has been busy working on his pop albums. He has released 3 while in office. Who has the time?	I guess the President of Indonesia has the time LOL I want to know why the President of Zimbabwe was called president banana...
I guess the President of Indonesia has the time LOL I want to know why the President of Zimbabwe was called president banana...	What? I wouldn't care for that if I were him! I heard this the other day that the runner up in the 1805 election automatically became the VP.
What? I wouldn't care for that if I were him! I heard this the other day that the runner up in the 1805 election automatically became the VP.	I see that did not work out so well or something since they stopped letting the runner-up be vice president LOL
I see that did not work out so well or something since they stopped letting the runner-up be vice president LOL	True! The government is a funny thing. They own 86% of the land in Nevada. I wonder if they own Vegas.
True! The government is a funny thing. They own 86% of the land in Nevada. I wonder if they own Vegas.	Maybe they do since that is where all of the money seems to be made there. 85% is a ton of land.
Maybe they do since that is where all of the money seems to be made there. 85% is a ton of land.	It was great chatting.
It was great chatting.	Same to you!
Same to you!	Night.
Night.	Hi, Do you listen to the radio much?
Hi, Do you listen to the radio much?	Good Afternoon! I listen to a lot of talk radio (sports/politics) while I'm at work - passes the time and keeps me informed. You?
Good Afternoon! I listen to a lot of talk radio (sports/politics) while I'm at work - passes the time and keeps me informed. You?	Yes, I do too! Its a great way to pass the time, and it does keep you updated on the latest! Did you know Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up on am radio?
Yes, I do too! Its a great way to pass the time, and it does keep you updated on the latest! Did you know Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up on am radio?	I wonder what Jupiter Radio Storms (Great name for a band!) would sound like - static, ambient house music, Classical Latin?
I wonder what Jupiter Radio Storms (Great name for a band!) would sound like - static, ambient house music, Classical Latin?	lol, I don't know. That's interesting. I was thinking hard windy howling sounds!!
lol, I don't know. That's interesting. I was thinking hard windy howling sounds!!	My kid is doing a science report on the planets and I learned that Jupiter is made up of mainly gasses, not a lot of solid matter. So I'd imagine the storms to sound like flatulence...
My kid is doing a science report on the planets and I learned that Jupiter is made up of mainly gasses, not a lot of solid matter. So I'd imagine the storms to sound like flatulence...	Yes, that sounds right! i hope your son gets an A on his report!! I find the solar system so interesting.
Yes, that sounds right! i hope your son gets an A on his report!! I find the solar system so interesting.	Space, the final frontier..... Super interesting and vast beyond comprehension. They've sent radio waves out into space in hopes an intelligent life form picks them up and understands them
Space, the final frontier..... Super interesting and vast beyond comprehension. They've sent radio waves out into space in hopes an intelligent life form picks them up and understands them	Really, Wow, how cool is that! Thinking of radio's isn't it interesting that the soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils?
Really, Wow, how cool is that! Thinking of radio's isn't it interesting that the soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils?	I suppose the receiver part of the radio is fairly simple, to harness and translate the signal - but transmitting that signal over a vast distance is pretty complicated? I don't really know, just theorizing after learning a radio can be made with MacGuyver supplies
I suppose the receiver part of the radio is fairly simple, to harness and translate the signal - but transmitting that signal over a vast distance is pretty complicated? I don't really know, just theorizing after learning a radio can be made with MacGuyver supplies	Smart as well as brave men in WW2! They called them foxhole radios. Would you enjoy listening to a free radio station that played classic radio drama?
Smart as well as brave men in WW2! They called them foxhole radios. Would you enjoy listening to a free radio station that played classic radio drama?	I do listen to some podcasts that tell tales of police dramas, crime solving cases - those are pretty interesting, so yes - probably!
I do listen to some podcasts that tell tales of police dramas, crime solving cases - those are pretty interesting, so yes - probably!	Yes, I would try it too! Not sure how long I could stay on it. Crime solving cases might be pretty upsetting. How do you feel about Wikileaks publishing plans for the government to destroy it?
Yes, I would try it too! Not sure how long I could stay on it. Crime solving cases might be pretty upsetting. How do you feel about Wikileaks publishing plans for the government to destroy it?	I'm on the fence with Wikileaks - and how it had an affect on the 2016 election. I also get confused if that is Assange or Snowden?
I'm on the fence with Wikileaks - and how it had an affect on the 2016 election. I also get confused if that is Assange or Snowden?	Yes, It hard to know what to believe? There is so much out there that is untrue.
Yes, It hard to know what to believe? There is so much out there that is untrue.	I suspect that they (government) want it that way - to keep us confused and not sure who to trust or whats true - that just my conspiracy theory.
I suspect that they (government) want it that way - to keep us confused and not sure who to trust or whats true - that just my conspiracy theory.	I think your right. Better to keep people confused, so you don't know whats really going on.
I think your right. Better to keep people confused, so you don't know whats really going on.	I'm pretty jaded when it comes to government, politics, the president, congress, etc. Today it seems that reality is stranger than fiction....
I'm pretty jaded when it comes to government, politics, the president, congress, etc. Today it seems that reality is stranger than fiction....	Very Strange, Some of the stuff that is reported is unreal! Like the name President Banana for the first name in Zimbabwe!
Very Strange, Some of the stuff that is reported is unreal! Like the name President Banana for the first name in Zimbabwe!	Banana is a pretty good nickname. Do you have a favorite nick name for our president?
Banana is a pretty good nickname. Do you have a favorite nick name for our president?	No, I don't! interesting. Think he's too busy to make any pop albums! lol Good chat!!
No, I don't! interesting. Think he's too busy to make any pop albums! lol Good chat!!	Great chatting with you too - have a great day!
Great chatting with you too - have a great day!	I've never heard of the Windrush generation. But hey, at least we aren't the only country that has immigration problems
I've never heard of the Windrush generation. But hey, at least we aren't the only country that has immigration problems	Yeah of course, there is so much movement around the world in terms of immigration. Do you know anything about wikileaks?
Yeah of course, there is so much movement around the world in terms of immigration. Do you know anything about wikileaks?	A little, that was the Julian Assange thing wasn't it? The government owns 865 of the land in Nevada? Thats a little odd
A little, that was the Julian Assange thing wasn't it? The government owns 865 of the land in Nevada? Thats a little odd	Yes it was him and they actually managed to publish documents that showed how the government is trying to destroy them
Yes it was him and they actually managed to publish documents that showed how the government is trying to destroy them	Good for them, somebody has to be able to find out the stuff the government is trying to cover up
Good for them, somebody has to be able to find out the stuff the government is trying to cover up	I guess yeah. ANd about Nevada, I wonder if they ever plan to do anything with all that land
I guess yeah. ANd about Nevada, I wonder if they ever plan to do anything with all that land	Did you see the part about the us passing laws to protect gov employees who violate the geneva convention from being prosecuted? That seems... corrupt
Did you see the part about the us passing laws to protect gov employees who violate the geneva convention from being prosecuted? That seems... corrupt	It does seem, those laws are in place for a reason and the us employees should not be the exception
It does seem, those laws are in place for a reason and the us employees should not be the exception	I'm going to have to look more into the guy who sold the eiffel tower twice. That must be quite the story
I'm going to have to look more into the guy who sold the eiffel tower twice. That must be quite the story	hahha I know, twice, that is just amazing. Did you hear about the Norwegians trying to save the amazon?
hahha I know, twice, that is just amazing. Did you hear about the Norwegians trying to save the amazon?	I doubt we are doing anything, so good for them. We can pick up am radio signals from storms on Jupiter? Thats amazing, its so far away
I doubt we are doing anything, so good for them. We can pick up am radio signals from storms on Jupiter? Thats amazing, its so far away	That is really cool. Have you ever listened to Canadian radio?
That is really cool. Have you ever listened to Canadian radio?	I don't think so, not on purpose anyway. Very nationalistic that so much of their music has to be Canadian
I don't think so, not on purpose anyway. Very nationalistic that so much of their music has to be Canadian	Yeah I guess it is all about supporting national talent. Do you know any latin?
Yeah I guess it is all about supporting national talent. Do you know any latin?	Just a couple of words, do you? I did used to listen to old radio programs when we were kids
Just a couple of words, do you? I did used to listen to old radio programs when we were kids	No I do not but there is a radio in Finland that plays their news in latin
No I do not but there is a radio in Finland that plays their news in latin	I know people can be very inventive, but making a radio out of a razorblade and a pencil is pretty cool
I know people can be very inventive, but making a radio out of a razorblade and a pencil is pretty cool	That is pretty cool, those soldiers must have been skillful. WOnder what channels it picked up though
That is pretty cool, those soldiers must have been skillful. WOnder what channels it picked up though	Right? Probably just military communications. Couldn't have had much range
Right? Probably just military communications. Couldn't have had much range	Yeah most likely. Do you listen to radio dramas?
Yeah most likely. Do you listen to radio dramas?	When I was a kid we listened to some old stuff. Now the kids can watch movies in the car. Good talk!
When I was a kid we listened to some old stuff. Now the kids can watch movies in the car. Good talk!	Hi, do you listen to the radio much?
Hi, do you listen to the radio much?	Not really. When I was younger I did. You?
Not really. When I was younger I did. You?	Same, mainly podcasts now for me. But I hear there is a Finnish radio station that plays a show entirely in classical Latin.
Same, mainly podcasts now for me. But I hear there is a Finnish radio station that plays a show entirely in classical Latin.	I guess they must have a dedicated group of followers. The news in Latin? Odd.
I guess they must have a dedicated group of followers. The news in Latin? Odd.	I don't know exactly what they talk about, and even if I heard it I still would be lost. LOL
I don't know exactly what they talk about, and even if I heard it I still would be lost. LOL	There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. You could listen to that! I don't know how many people actually do.
There is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. You could listen to that! I don't know how many people actually do.	That is a cool offering, not exactly up my alley, but neat nonetheless
That is a cool offering, not exactly up my alley, but neat nonetheless	Many countries limit content, so it's good that the Internet is there. According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.
Many countries limit content, so it's good that the Internet is there. According to Canadian law, all radios are required to have at least 40% of the music played be Canadian.	That is shocking that sort of "censorship" if you will, is still allowed. I guess they are jamming out to Celine Dion all day.
That is shocking that sort of "censorship" if you will, is still allowed. I guess they are jamming out to Celine Dion all day.	Rush, Neil Young, stuff like that. I understand countries want to protect their markets. Still, the Internet will change things.
Rush, Neil Young, stuff like that. I understand countries want to protect their markets. Still, the Internet will change things.	It is a giant force in providing content, access to everything is now at our fingertips. Streaming music alone is changing the face of radio.
It is a giant force in providing content, access to everything is now at our fingertips. Streaming music alone is changing the face of radio.	Do you follow the presidency much? I'm surprised that Trump is not the richest president in history.
Do you follow the presidency much? I'm surprised that Trump is not the richest president in history.	A little, I agree! Either the data is outdated, or inflation is accounted for. Pretty shocking still to read that.
A little, I agree! Either the data is outdated, or inflation is accounted for. Pretty shocking still to read that.	I guess land ownership was a lot of it for Washington and Jefferson. JFK got money from his father.
I guess land ownership was a lot of it for Washington and Jefferson. JFK got money from his father.	Ahh, very good point. I didnt think about land ownership as being part of it.
Ahh, very good point. I didnt think about land ownership as being part of it.	The president's guest house is larger than the White house. I wonder how Trump feels about that.
The president's guest house is larger than the White house. I wonder how Trump feels about that.	When I read that I thought the same thing. Part of me thinks he would be angry that he doesnt have the bigger house.
When I read that I thought the same thing. Part of me thinks he would be angry that he doesnt have the bigger house.	He could rent out the guest house. Put up a TRUMP sign. Make enough money to become the wealthiest.
He could rent out the guest house. Put up a TRUMP sign. Make enough money to become the wealthiest.	It could be the new Trump hotel. Staying in the guest house would be a cool experience. Maybe they should sell nights to pay down the national debt.
It could be the new Trump hotel. Staying in the guest house would be a cool experience. Maybe they should sell nights to pay down the national debt.	It's a thought! Anyway, thanks for the chat!
It's a thought! Anyway, thanks for the chat!	Have a good day!
Have a good day!	Do you follow what is happening in Colombia ?
Do you follow what is happening in Colombia ?	I have a little bit. The problem in South America is that all these socialist countries are realizing too late that socialism is a terrible way to govern!
I have a little bit. The problem in South America is that all these socialist countries are realizing too late that socialism is a terrible way to govern!	On how is socialism related to the peace accord with the FARC ?
On how is socialism related to the peace accord with the FARC ?	A lot of Colombian government is rooted in the communist uprising that occurred about 30 or 40 years ago. So now they want a right wing candidate, Duque. But unfortunately, his only experience is as a one term senator.
A lot of Colombian government is rooted in the communist uprising that occurred about 30 or 40 years ago. So now they want a right wing candidate, Duque. But unfortunately, his only experience is as a one term senator.	But reversing Santo's peace accord would mean war again with FARC, is it worth it ?
But reversing Santo's peace accord would mean war again with FARC, is it worth it ?	Probably not. I love the freedom we have in the United States especially when you look at China and realize that the word censorship is actually censored!
Probably not. I love the freedom we have in the United States especially when you look at China and realize that the word censorship is actually censored!	Yeah, China's censorship is problematic, before internet, western world used radio programs to send uncensored news to the communist countries.
Yeah, China's censorship is problematic, before internet, western world used radio programs to send uncensored news to the communist countries.	Yes, the radio used to be such a useful communication device, especially for entertainment. Shockingly, a ventriloquist was one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s!
Yes, the radio used to be such a useful communication device, especially for entertainment. Shockingly, a ventriloquist was one of the most popular radio acts of the 1930s!	People used their imagination at the time, radio dramas were very popular, you can still listen to them on a website. Do you still listen to the AM band ?
People used their imagination at the time, radio dramas were very popular, you can still listen to them on a website. Do you still listen to the AM band ?	I do for sports talk now. It is very interesting to me that a radio station translates solar activity into sound and anyone can listen to the "music of the sun."
I do for sports talk now. It is very interesting to me that a radio station translates solar activity into sound and anyone can listen to the "music of the sun."	Or you could listen to a radio storm on Jupiter. It feels weird that phenomenon's so far away can be picked up by a simple AM radio, that I only use for traffic news.
Or you could listen to a radio storm on Jupiter. It feels weird that phenomenon's so far away can be picked up by a simple AM radio, that I only use for traffic news.	Haha, I know it is wild! All that advancement and back about 70 years ago half the allocated music time on radio was dedicated to Bing Crosby recordings!
Haha, I know it is wild! All that advancement and back about 70 years ago half the allocated music time on radio was dedicated to Bing Crosby recordings!	He was good or maybe he paid radios to play his music, I suspect the president of Indonesia to do the same thing with his 3 pop music albums.
He was good or maybe he paid radios to play his music, I suspect the president of Indonesia to do the same thing with his 3 pop music albums.	That is wild! What do you make of all the government shutdown news? They make such a big deal about it, but its actually happened 17 times in the last 37 years.
That is wild! What do you make of all the government shutdown news? They make such a big deal about it, but its actually happened 17 times in the last 37 years.	It think it is part of the media circus of our time, politicians like the drama more than an efficient government.
It think it is part of the media circus of our time, politicians like the drama more than an efficient government.	Haha, totally. We just have career politicians now, with the exception of Trump. In fact, only one US president has ever had a PhD!
Haha, totally. We just have career politicians now, with the exception of Trump. In fact, only one US president has ever had a PhD!	And who was it ? I am always surprised by presidents, like Washington being of the richest presidents.
And who was it ? I am always surprised by presidents, like Washington being of the richest presidents.	Yea, has to be adjusted for inflation I think. Woodrow Wilson is the only president with the PhD.
Yea, has to be adjusted for inflation I think. Woodrow Wilson is the only president with the PhD.	I hope it was adjusted for inflation, otherwise Washington would have been richer that the King of England.
I hope it was adjusted for inflation, otherwise Washington would have been richer that the King of England.	Haha, good point! Speaking of rich governments, Monaco was able to get rid of their income tax all the way back in 1869 because the casino was generating so much revenue.
Haha, good point! Speaking of rich governments, Monaco was able to get rid of their income tax all the way back in 1869 because the casino was generating so much revenue.	And Norway, who is also rich because of its oil, donated 1 billion to save the rain forest. Great talking to you !
And Norway, who is also rich because of its oil, donated 1 billion to save the rain forest. Great talking to you !	hey did you know the guest house is bigger than the white house itself
hey did you know the guest house is bigger than the white house itself	Yes, I did. I am not surprised. I did not know there is only one president with a phd.
Yes, I did. I am not surprised. I did not know there is only one president with a phd.	no I don't know, that is sad actually, do you think President Banana of Zimbabwe has a PHD?
no I don't know, that is sad actually, do you think President Banana of Zimbabwe has a PHD?	No, can you believe the Chinese government has censored the word "censorship"?
No, can you believe the Chinese government has censored the word "censorship"?	lol no that definitely sounds dangerous. Did you know the indonesia president maked pop records, can you imagine trump doing that?
lol no that definitely sounds dangerous. Did you know the indonesia president maked pop records, can you imagine trump doing that?	No, he is way to busy for that. lol. How would you like to live in Monaco?
No, he is way to busy for that. lol. How would you like to live in Monaco?	well I heard they don't have incomem tax so that sounds kind of awesome haha
well I heard they don't have incomem tax so that sounds kind of awesome haha	yes, Do you like the idea of listening to the sun's music?
yes, Do you like the idea of listening to the sun's music?	haha does the sun play music? How do you listen to it?
haha does the sun play music? How do you listen to it?	There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound. I think it would be very interesting!
There is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound. I think it would be very interesting!	ya I guess you can pickup Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio, Ill test that out later!
ya I guess you can pickup Jupiter radio storms on your AM radio, Ill test that out later!	Oh really Jupiter too. I like that. I guess Hanson was a hidden hits band.
Oh really Jupiter too. I like that. I guess Hanson was a hidden hits band.	ya I dont know who likes hanson haha, have you donated money to help the rainforest? Norway donated 1 billion dollars
ya I dont know who likes hanson haha, have you donated money to help the rainforest? Norway donated 1 billion dollars	Really, that is wonderful. Yes, I would.
Really, that is wonderful. Yes, I would.	one thing I wouldn't do is try to sell the eiffel tower like some impersonator did
one thing I wouldn't do is try to sell the eiffel tower like some impersonator did	For sure, Its surprising that Booth would be in the first presidents inauguration picture with Lincoln.
For sure, Its surprising that Booth would be in the first presidents inauguration picture with Lincoln.	ya that is a scary pic, did you know the Presidential runner up used to become the VP?
ya that is a scary pic, did you know the Presidential runner up used to become the VP?	Yes, I see that. Interesting. Bing Crosby was so popular in 1948, I love his Christmas songs.
Yes, I see that. Interesting. Bing Crosby was so popular in 1948, I love his Christmas songs.	ya he was a massive star, definitely a bigger star that the pop star indonesian president, haven't heard any of his songs haha
ya he was a massive star, definitely a bigger star that the pop star indonesian president, haven't heard any of his songs haha	lol, I haven't either.I guess ventriloquists were quite popular in radio in the 1930's.
lol, I haven't either.I guess ventriloquists were quite popular in radio in the 1930's.	ya I don't know how that is possible, I just think its crazy that you can use radio waves to transfer information like that, it still blows my mind
ya I don't know how that is possible, I just think its crazy that you can use radio waves to transfer information like that, it still blows my mind	I feel the same way. We can't see it.
I feel the same way. We can't see it.	nope but it stil surrounds us, have you ever tried to build a foxhole radio?
nope but it stil surrounds us, have you ever tried to build a foxhole radio?	No, have you? How about this 5G? Need more research on it.
No, have you? How about this 5G? Need more research on it.	ya you can make a radio out of a pencil and razor apparently, and no I don't know how that works haha
ya you can make a radio out of a pencil and razor apparently, and no I don't know how that works haha	How do you feel about Merkel in Germany? Do you think she's doing a good job?
How do you feel about Merkel in Germany? Do you think she's doing a good job?	I'm not sure I don't really follow politics, what about you?
I'm not sure I don't really follow politics, what about you?	Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? I guess that didn't work out so well.
Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? I guess that didn't work out so well.	Wow, didn't know that. Talk about spoiler alert. I heard a guy in France illegally sold the Eiffel Tower not just once, but twice.
Wow, didn't know that. Talk about spoiler alert. I heard a guy in France illegally sold the Eiffel Tower not just once, but twice.	I wonder who was dumb enough to buy it? It would have been funnier if it was the same person both times.
I wonder who was dumb enough to buy it? It would have been funnier if it was the same person both times.	Yes, absolutely! Ha! Not only that but how come nobody in the French government noticed the impersonator? Maybe he was some sort of look-alike. Not to change countries, but did you hear that 86% of Nevada is owned by the U.S. Government? That's sounds a little scary. What do they have stored there?
Yes, absolutely! Ha! Not only that but how come nobody in the French government noticed the impersonator? Maybe he was some sort of look-alike. Not to change countries, but did you hear that 86% of Nevada is owned by the U.S. Government? That's sounds a little scary. What do they have stored there?	I heard about that. I know there's a few military bases there, and area 51 is there I believe too. So there's probably a lot of missle test sites out in the desert there. So that might equate into some of that percentage.
I heard about that. I know there's a few military bases there, and area 51 is there I believe too. So there's probably a lot of missle test sites out in the desert there. So that might equate into some of that percentage.	No doubt in my mind! Still, it sounds like a secret they don't want us to find out. That's just another example of the balance between the idea of government authority and the principle of our individual freedom.
No doubt in my mind! Still, it sounds like a secret they don't want us to find out. That's just another example of the balance between the idea of government authority and the principle of our individual freedom.	That is true. They're always seem to be up to shady stuff, just like in 2006 they passed legislation that would protect Government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Conventions.
That is true. They're always seem to be up to shady stuff, just like in 2006 they passed legislation that would protect Government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Conventions.	Yes, that does sound shady to me as well. Geneva conventions are international law. Well, I guess we need government jobs to stay safe.
Yes, that does sound shady to me as well. Geneva conventions are international law. Well, I guess we need government jobs to stay safe.	I guess so, why can't our government do good like the Norwegian government? In 2008 they donated $1bn to help save the Amazon rain forest!
I guess so, why can't our government do good like the Norwegian government? In 2008 they donated $1bn to help save the Amazon rain forest!	I know, right? How cool was that? The Amazon rain forest is very important to our whole ecology system of the earth we live on. You're right, why aren't we more like the Norwegians? Good Question.
I know, right? How cool was that? The Amazon rain forest is very important to our whole ecology system of the earth we live on. You're right, why aren't we more like the Norwegians? Good Question.	Our government waste money on things like making the president's guest house bigger than the White House!
Our government waste money on things like making the president's guest house bigger than the White House!	Yes, that's all sorts of crazy, they should be spending money on things that make a difference like renovating the rain forest to make our planet more stable. Each government has it's own kind of constitution and philosophy and governing principles but ours is in need of an adjustment.
Yes, that's all sorts of crazy, they should be spending money on things that make a difference like renovating the rain forest to make our planet more stable. Each government has it's own kind of constitution and philosophy and governing principles but ours is in need of an adjustment.	I agree, maybe we should have a president that releases pop albums like Indonesia's president has. He's released 3 while in office. Could you imagine if one of our past few presidents released an album?
I agree, maybe we should have a president that releases pop albums like Indonesia's president has. He's released 3 while in office. Could you imagine if one of our past few presidents released an album?	Hey, that would be awesome if Trump would release a Mexican salsa dancing album where he dances and sings. That would go viral in an instant on YouTube. That would be a blast. The radio stations would pick it up and carry the sound through space and when the radio waves hit an electrical conductor, it would be transformed back to the original. How cool would that be? I'd watch it.
Hey, that would be awesome if Trump would release a Mexican salsa dancing album where he dances and sings. That would go viral in an instant on YouTube. That would be a blast. The radio stations would pick it up and carry the sound through space and when the radio waves hit an electrical conductor, it would be transformed back to the original. How cool would that be? I'd watch it.	That would be pretty epic. Did you know that up until 1805 in the U.S. that the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the Vice President? Could you imagine that happening today? I think it would force both parties to work together more.
That would be pretty epic. Did you know that up until 1805 in the U.S. that the runner up in the presidential election automatically became the Vice President? Could you imagine that happening today? I think it would force both parties to work together more.	Yes, I agree that's probably why they changed it! By the way, did you know that there's a website that has free radio dramas from the old days? Isn't that fascinating?
Yes, I agree that's probably why they changed it! By the way, did you know that there's a website that has free radio dramas from the old days? Isn't that fascinating?	I would like to listen to that. It would help broaden the imagination listening to dramas instead of watching them. I could listen to it on the foxhole radio I made using a razor blade and pencil. My grandpa showed me how they made them in WWII.
I would like to listen to that. It would help broaden the imagination listening to dramas instead of watching them. I could listen to it on the foxhole radio I made using a razor blade and pencil. My grandpa showed me how they made them in WWII.	Wow, that is cool, for real. I'd like to learn how to make a foxhole radio, myself. I also heard that a Finnish radio station broadcasts "Nuntii Latini" weekly news since 1989. I guess you'd have to know Latin to understand it though.
Wow, that is cool, for real. I'd like to learn how to make a foxhole radio, myself. I also heard that a Finnish radio station broadcasts "Nuntii Latini" weekly news since 1989. I guess you'd have to know Latin to understand it though.	I was fascinated as a kid when he showed me how to make it. I would be lost listening to that radio station! Did you know that in Canada that radio stations are required by law to have at least 40% of their music played be Canadian?
I was fascinated as a kid when he showed me how to make it. I would be lost listening to that radio station! Did you know that in Canada that radio stations are required by law to have at least 40% of their music played be Canadian?	Yes, sounds pretty biased to me
Yes, sounds pretty biased to me	But at least there's some decent Canadian artist. Well I have to get going, it was nice chatting with you. Have a great day!
But at least there's some decent Canadian artist. Well I have to get going, it was nice chatting with you. Have a great day!	Hello! Are you interested in the radio?
Hello! Are you interested in the radio?	I am! I think the radio is awesome! How about you?
I am! I think the radio is awesome! How about you?	I love the radio! Have you heard about Canadian law regarding the radio?
I love the radio! Have you heard about Canadian law regarding the radio?	Don't they have to play like 40 percent of songs by Canadians?
Don't they have to play like 40 percent of songs by Canadians?	Yes, that I wonder if they were playing too much of other countries artists.
Yes, that I wonder if they were playing too much of other countries artists.	Or they wanted more Justin Bieber lol.
Or they wanted more Justin Bieber lol.	Very true. That is a possibility. Have you ever heard of a Jupiter radio storm?
Very true. That is a possibility. Have you ever heard of a Jupiter radio storm?	No I wish I did though! That would be so fun to hear on the AM radio!
No I wish I did though! That would be so fun to hear on the AM radio!	Yes, it is crazy that you can hear it on an AM radio. I wonder what it sounds like?
Yes, it is crazy that you can hear it on an AM radio. I wonder what it sounds like?	Probably better than most music played these days lol.
Probably better than most music played these days lol.	Very true. Have you ever heard of a foxhole radio?
Very true. Have you ever heard of a foxhole radio?	Wasn't that created in World War Two soldiers? I wonder how they were made?
Wasn't that created in World War Two soldiers? I wonder how they were made?	Somehow soldiers made them using razerblades and pencils. I am not sure how that makes a radio though.
Somehow soldiers made them using razerblades and pencils. I am not sure how that makes a radio though.	I'm not sure either, crazy though! Have you ever listened to a radio drama?
I'm not sure either, crazy though! Have you ever listened to a radio drama?	I am not interested but I know there is a free website for them.
I am not interested but I know there is a free website for them.	Same here. I think there are thousands of them you can listen to on it!
Same here. I think there are thousands of them you can listen to on it!	Maybe I will listen to them one day. Do you know any latin?
Maybe I will listen to them one day. Do you know any latin?	I don't. Do you?
I don't. Do you?	I do not. But there is apparently a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin.
I do not. But there is apparently a weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin.	Hmm I guess I'll have to learn some Latin haha. Great chat with you!
Hmm I guess I'll have to learn some Latin haha. Great chat with you!	Me too. I will go look into it. Have a good day.
Me too. I will go look into it. Have a good day.	Hi do you listen to the radio much?
Hi do you listen to the radio much?	Hello, yes I do actually. Did you know Bill Murray voice the human torch in the fantastic four radio show?
Hello, yes I do actually. Did you know Bill Murray voice the human torch in the fantastic four radio show?	Cool did not know that If you turn the radio to AM you might catch Jupiter's storms
Cool did not know that If you turn the radio to AM you might catch Jupiter's storms	Neat, I would like to hear that. There is a radio station that can translate solar activity to sound
Neat, I would like to hear that. There is a radio station that can translate solar activity to sound	wow cool. Do you know what foxholes are?
wow cool. Do you know what foxholes are?	Hmm I am not sure, Foxhole radios were something of the past, were they not?
Hmm I am not sure, Foxhole radios were something of the past, were they not?	Yeah they were. They were radios that soldiers made using razorblades and pencils during WWII
Yeah they were. They were radios that soldiers made using razorblades and pencils during WWII	WOw I wonder how that works actually. A hanson song once became the most popular one because the DJ's did not reveal the band
WOw I wonder how that works actually. A hanson song once became the most popular one because the DJ's did not reveal the band	that is very creative of them. Do you ever listen to Canadian radios?
that is very creative of them. Do you ever listen to Canadian radios?	Hmm not a lot but sometimes. How about you?
Hmm not a lot but sometimes. How about you?	I do osmetimes only. Did you know they are required to play 40% Canadian music?
I do osmetimes only. Did you know they are required to play 40% Canadian music?	Wow they must really want to support their local singers. Good for them, they have some nice up and coming singers too
Wow they must really want to support their local singers. Good for them, they have some nice up and coming singers too	Yeah that is true. Do you ever listen to radio dramas?
Yeah that is true. Do you ever listen to radio dramas?	I cannot say that I do actually. Did you know one of the most popular radio acts was a ventriloquist back in 1970s?
I cannot say that I do actually. Did you know one of the most popular radio acts was a ventriloquist back in 1970s?	WOw did not know that. Well if you ever want to there is a channels that broadcasts them for free
WOw did not know that. Well if you ever want to there is a channels that broadcasts them for free	Oh that is nice, free on top of that. Do you know much about the presidents?
Oh that is nice, free on top of that. Do you know much about the presidents?	Hm I know some stuff, like in Guatemala close family of the president are not allowed to run too
Hm I know some stuff, like in Guatemala close family of the president are not allowed to run too	That is interesting. THe only US president that has had a PhD was WIlson
That is interesting. THe only US president that has had a PhD was WIlson	Yeah I guess you do not need one after all. DO you know who the wealthiest presidents are in us history?
Yeah I guess you do not need one after all. DO you know who the wealthiest presidents are in us history?	I do not think I know that actually. I know LIncoln was the first president that was photographed for his inaguration
I do not think I know that actually. I know LIncoln was the first president that was photographed for his inaguration	That is neat. It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington as the wealthiest three
That is neat. It is Jefferson, JFK and Washington as the wealthiest three	Have you ever been to Slovakia?
Have you ever been to Slovakia?	Hello - I have not. Have you?
Hello - I have not. Have you?	I haven't, but I have been the the Czech Republic.
I haven't, but I have been the the Czech Republic.	Did you know the only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson?
Did you know the only US president to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson?	I did not know that. I would think there would be a higher education standard for US presidents.
I did not know that. I would think there would be a higher education standard for US presidents.	I would think so also. In Guatemala, close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president.
I would think so also. In Guatemala, close relatives of former presidents cannot legally run for president.	That is very interesting. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while running in office.
That is very interesting. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while running in office.	That's hilarious. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star?
That's hilarious. Can you imagine if Trump was a pop star?	That would be very funny. I can only imagine some songs he would release.
That would be very funny. I can only imagine some songs he would release.	Haha for sure. Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
Haha for sure. Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.	That's very surprising as I believe the camera was inverted years earlier. The top three wealthiest presidents were jfk, washington and jefferson.
That's very surprising as I believe the camera was inverted years earlier. The top three wealthiest presidents were jfk, washington and jefferson.	I think Trump will probably be on that list as well.
I think Trump will probably be on that list as well.	Absolutely. I wonder if he is the most wealthy president we have had.
Absolutely. I wonder if he is the most wealthy president we have had.	I bet he is. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.
I bet he is. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.	Thats interesting. US politics can be very confusing. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election automatically became the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trumps Vice president?
Thats interesting. US politics can be very confusing. Up until 1805 the runner up in the election automatically became the vice president. Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trumps Vice president?	I agree - that would be crazy. The last US president to speak a foreign language was FDR.
I agree - that would be crazy. The last US president to speak a foreign language was FDR.	I would think foreign languages standards should be at least semi fluent in certain category's for the president.
I would think foreign languages standards should be at least semi fluent in certain category's for the president.	I would think so, but with the translators, maybe it's a non-issue.
I would think so, but with the translators, maybe it's a non-issue.	That's true. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana. Strange.
That's true. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana. Strange.	That is very strange. Did you know the Chinese government has censored the word censorship?
That is very strange. Did you know the Chinese government has censored the word censorship?	That seems very controlling. I have heard the Chinese government can be very dictating.
That seems very controlling. I have heard the Chinese government can be very dictating.	I think so too. It was great talking to you!
I think so too. It was great talking to you!	Hello, How are you? Do you listen to the radio?
Hello, How are you? Do you listen to the radio?	Hello yes i sometimes listen to it, do you?
Hello yes i sometimes listen to it, do you?	Yes, sometimes, not as much as I use to. I am usually using something on my phone
Yes, sometimes, not as much as I use to. I am usually using something on my phone	I hear jupiter storms can be heard on th Am radio station
I hear jupiter storms can be heard on th Am radio station	Yes, isn't that crazy! I would like to hear that!! Soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils
Yes, isn't that crazy! I would like to hear that!! Soldiers in WW2 made radios out of razor blades and pencils	That is very impressive! How does that even work lol
That is very impressive! How does that even work lol	Not sure, they called them foxhole radios. Did you know in Canada, they have to play at least 40% Canadian?
Not sure, they called them foxhole radios. Did you know in Canada, they have to play at least 40% Canadian?	Yes, I have heard that, I wonder what canadian music sound like. I saw theres a website you can go to to listen to radio dramas too for free!
Yes, I have heard that, I wonder what canadian music sound like. I saw theres a website you can go to to listen to radio dramas too for free!	Yes, I would like to try that! Isn't it interesting that Wikileaks published the governments plans to destroy Wikileaks?
Yes, I would like to try that! Isn't it interesting that Wikileaks published the governments plans to destroy Wikileaks?	That is pretty funny. The gov owns 86% of Nevada
That is pretty funny. The gov owns 86% of Nevada	Yes, thinking it must be the military! Have you heard of area 51?
Yes, thinking it must be the military! Have you heard of area 51?	Yes I have heard of it.
Yes I have heard of it.	Pretty interesting!! I love the idea that the Norwegian government has donated 1billion to help save the rain forest!!Very cool
Pretty interesting!! I love the idea that the Norwegian government has donated 1billion to help save the rain forest!!Very cool	That is very nice, I think all the countries should be donating to the amazon forest. There are still undiscovered animals and insects in there
That is very nice, I think all the countries should be donating to the amazon forest. There are still undiscovered animals and insects in there	I agree, they have done alot of research their! They probably know cures and not saying anything to the general public yet.
I agree, they have done alot of research their! They probably know cures and not saying anything to the general public yet.	Hopefully! I guess they might just be doing more testing on it lol
Hopefully! I guess they might just be doing more testing on it lol	I'm glad we still don't use the runner up as our vice-president like they did in 1805.
I'm glad we still don't use the runner up as our vice-president like they did in 1805.	yeah that could be very weird. I dont think it would work with our current situation lol
yeah that could be very weird. I dont think it would work with our current situation lol	I know never!! ha, There hasn't been a president who wasn't either a democrat or republican since 1853. Seem like a long time ago!
I know never!! ha, There hasn't been a president who wasn't either a democrat or republican since 1853. Seem like a long time ago!	Wow thats a cool fun fact. Did you know the president guest house is bigger than the white house?
Wow thats a cool fun fact. Did you know the president guest house is bigger than the white house?	Yes, I did, that's interesting!! Did you know the Eiffel Tower was sold twice?
Yes, I did, that's interesting!! Did you know the Eiffel Tower was sold twice?	That is crazy! Hows does someone even try that lol
That is crazy! Hows does someone even try that lol	Impersonating a government official!! Crazy!! Good chat
Impersonating a government official!! Crazy!! Good chat	Great chat, thanks for talking with me.
Great chat, thanks for talking with me.	Do you know many facts about the government?
Do you know many facts about the government?	Some here and there. Like wikileaks published the governments plans to shut them down. lol
Some here and there. Like wikileaks published the governments plans to shut them down. lol	Nice! A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice! lol
Nice! A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice! lol	Wow! Id hire him in a heartbeat. That is some savvy and salesmanship there.
Wow! Id hire him in a heartbeat. That is some savvy and salesmanship there.	No doubt! In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest. Nice!
No doubt! In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion dollars to help save the amazon rainforest. Nice!	That is awesome! I love seeing governments getting active in saving our planet. After all its the only one we really have right now
That is awesome! I love seeing governments getting active in saving our planet. After all its the only one we really have right now	I agree. 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.
I agree. 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government.	It must be Area 51. Where they keep all the good stuff. LOL
It must be Area 51. Where they keep all the good stuff. LOL	lol yes! Do you want to talk about presidents now?
lol yes! Do you want to talk about presidents now?	As long as we can start with the first president of Zimbabwe.
As long as we can start with the first president of Zimbabwe.	Ok. What was his name? I'm not familiar with him.
Ok. What was his name? I'm not familiar with him.	His last name is really Banana. No Joke.
His last name is really Banana. No Joke.	lol That's great! The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
lol That's great! The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!	I wonder if he has a cool name to, like a real name.
I wonder if he has a cool name to, like a real name.	lol The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house. Wonder why that is?
lol The US presidents guest house is larger than the white house. Wonder why that is?	I am guessing it has to house multiple heads of state and their families at once?
I am guessing it has to house multiple heads of state and their families at once?	That sounds about right. Up until 1805 the US runner up in the presidential elections automatically became vice president.
That sounds about right. Up until 1805 the US runner up in the presidential elections automatically became vice president.	Can you imagine if we still did that?!?! What would our government be like?
Can you imagine if we still did that?!?! What would our government be like?	It would to total chaos. Do you know who the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were?
It would to total chaos. Do you know who the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were?	JFK, Washington and Jefferson, I think. But, on another note I must get going, work calls. Its been great chatting! Have a great day!
JFK, Washington and Jefferson, I think. But, on another note I must get going, work calls. Its been great chatting! Have a great day!	Ok thanks! Have a great day as well!
Ok thanks! Have a great day as well!	hey can you guess who the top 3 wealthiest presidents are?
hey can you guess who the top 3 wealthiest presidents are?	Hm. I'd guess JFK, Washington and Trump?
Hm. I'd guess JFK, Washington and Trump?	haha you would think trump would be there but nope its jfk, washington and jefferson so you were close!
haha you would think trump would be there but nope its jfk, washington and jefferson so you were close!	Nice bit of presidential trivia! Here's one for you: What was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe? Hint...think fruit...
Nice bit of presidential trivia! Here's one for you: What was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe? Hint...think fruit...	haha I can only guess President Banana? Maybe he has a VP named VP Plantain haha
haha I can only guess President Banana? Maybe he has a VP named VP Plantain haha	Nice one! You are good at this! I'll try harder to stump you. The President of Indonesia relased 3 Pop albums while in office. What were the names of his children?
Nice one! You are good at this! I'll try harder to stump you. The President of Indonesia relased 3 Pop albums while in office. What were the names of his children?	haha thats one I don't know, but I do know that if trump made 3 albums with his friend kanye that would be insane!
haha thats one I don't know, but I do know that if trump made 3 albums with his friend kanye that would be insane!	I'd buy it! Heck, I'd produce it if I could. Then maybe the Pres would invite me to visit at his presidential guest house.
I'd buy it! Heck, I'd produce it if I could. Then maybe the Pres would invite me to visit at his presidential guest house.	haha ya isn't the guest house bigger than the white house itself? I'd rather stay there if its bigger than haha
haha ya isn't the guest house bigger than the white house itself? I'd rather stay there if its bigger than haha	I that that was where the vice president lived. You know, if the election rules that were in place back before 1805 were still valid, our current VP would be Hillary Clinton. Wouldn't that be a hoot...
I that that was where the vice president lived. You know, if the election rules that were in place back before 1805 were still valid, our current VP would be Hillary Clinton. Wouldn't that be a hoot...	haah ya that would be so much drama! I would watch that tv show but I'm glad thats not our world haha
haah ya that would be so much drama! I would watch that tv show but I'm glad thats not our world haha	That would make a great radio drama too! You know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free?
That would make a great radio drama too! You know there is a website where you can listen to old radio dramas for free?	no I didn't know that, have you listened to any of those? Are they any good
no I didn't know that, have you listened to any of those? Are they any good	Not bad, but I have an old radio, which makes the audio quality poor. My radio was made by my grandfather during WWII used radio blade and pencil. He called it his foxhole radio. It gets US stations only. No Canadian ones...
Not bad, but I have an old radio, which makes the audio quality poor. My radio was made by my grandfather during WWII used radio blade and pencil. He called it his foxhole radio. It gets US stations only. No Canadian ones...	that is crazy do you know how that works exactly? I also watn to tune into AM radio and listen to Jupiters radio storms haha
that is crazy do you know how that works exactly? I also watn to tune into AM radio and listen to Jupiters radio storms haha	Sounds out of this world! I'll bet it is a lot better than that Finnish radio station that plays news in Latin!
Sounds out of this world! I'll bet it is a lot better than that Finnish radio station that plays news in Latin!	that is crazy, but it sounds pretty boring I'd rather listen to Jupiter's storms on AM haha
that is crazy, but it sounds pretty boring I'd rather listen to Jupiter's storms on AM haha	I bet is sounds like the Moody Blues! Id like to go there someday. If it is anything like Necada, 86 percent is already owned by the goverment.
I bet is sounds like the Moody Blues! Id like to go there someday. If it is anything like Necada, 86 percent is already owned by the goverment.	ya that is a lot of land, btw do you know who the top 3 richest presidents were?
ya that is a lot of land, btw do you know who the top 3 richest presidents were?	If I would answer that, then the IRS would come looking for me! I read that on Wikileaks, right after teh story where they claim they have the government's plan for how they plan to destroy Wikileaks.
If I would answer that, then the IRS would come looking for me! I read that on Wikileaks, right after teh story where they claim they have the government's plan for how they plan to destroy Wikileaks.	haha good point, that is scary, and yes the top 3 are washington, jefferson, and jfk somehow
haha good point, that is scary, and yes the top 3 are washington, jefferson, and jfk somehow	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Thanks you too, watch out for the IRS and President Banana of Zimbabwe!
Thanks you too, watch out for the IRS and President Banana of Zimbabwe!	What do you think of the Government? there sure is a lot of speculation these days
What do you think of the Government? there sure is a lot of speculation these days	Yeah a little too much actually. Not sure what goes on behind those curtains, I guess that is why wikileaks came about
Yeah a little too much actually. Not sure what goes on behind those curtains, I guess that is why wikileaks came about	Yeah, Wikileaks sure puts the government in a tough spot, afterall the government planned to destroy it
Yeah, Wikileaks sure puts the government in a tough spot, afterall the government planned to destroy it	Yeah too bad. There is a lot when it comes to politics and government really. Apparently the government owns 86% percent of the land in Nevada
Yeah too bad. There is a lot when it comes to politics and government really. Apparently the government owns 86% percent of the land in Nevada	Wow 86% thats a lot of land, I wonder if they use it, they should sell some of it and cover the deficit the government has
Wow 86% thats a lot of land, I wonder if they use it, they should sell some of it and cover the deficit the government has	Yeah, well, most of it is desert land so I don't know.
Yeah, well, most of it is desert land so I don't know.	Really? I guess theres not much use to those lands then, a man once sold the Eiffel tower twice, that is a great con man!
Really? I guess theres not much use to those lands then, a man once sold the Eiffel tower twice, that is a great con man!	How do you get away with that twice. He must have been a mastermind
How do you get away with that twice. He must have been a mastermind	I know right? I get it once but two times that must require a high level of skill.
I know right? I get it once but two times that must require a high level of skill.	Yeah. US now protects it workers from persecution if they go against the convention of geneva
Yeah. US now protects it workers from persecution if they go against the convention of geneva	I guess thats a good thing as anyone can make mistakes and workers need to feel protected,do you listen to the radio?
I guess thats a good thing as anyone can make mistakes and workers need to feel protected,do you listen to the radio?	I do from time to time. How about you?
I do from time to time. How about you?	I do as well, its amazing how radio waves carry info and then we are able to hear those waves, tech just amazes me
I do as well, its amazing how radio waves carry info and then we are able to hear those waves, tech just amazes me	Yeah. In canada in order to stay in operation radios are required to play 40% of canadian music
Yeah. In canada in order to stay in operation radios are required to play 40% of canadian music	I guess thats a great law, it really supports local talent
I guess thats a great law, it really supports local talent	Yeah for sure. There is a free website where you can listen to radio dramas. Do you like those?
Yeah for sure. There is a free website where you can listen to radio dramas. Do you like those?	I do like them, I will search for that site soon, there is also a radiio station that transmits a news program in latin
I do like them, I will search for that site soon, there is also a radiio station that transmits a news program in latin	I wonder how many listeners they have.
I wonder how many listeners they have.	I bet they have plenty the show has been around since 1989 so they must have a good segment of people, sees boring to me though
I bet they have plenty the show has been around since 1989 so they must have a good segment of people, sees boring to me though	I guess because we do not speak it. Do you know how the radio waves are emitted?
I guess because we do not speak it. Do you know how the radio waves are emitted?	No not really, the science behing radios just amuse me and dont really know how they work
No not really, the science behing radios just amuse me and dont really know how they work	It is a lot pf physics involved in there. It was nice chatting with you
It is a lot pf physics involved in there. It was nice chatting with you	Hey there partner. Do you like learning about the government? I think it's so fascinating to learn how various policies are enforced.
Hey there partner. Do you like learning about the government? I think it's so fascinating to learn how various policies are enforced.	I do like learning about the government.
I do like learning about the government.	Awesome. I think the ideal government should have a delicate balance between the principle of individual freedom and the idea of absolute state authority.
Awesome. I think the ideal government should have a delicate balance between the principle of individual freedom and the idea of absolute state authority.	That is certainly not the case in china where they censored the word censorship.
That is certainly not the case in china where they censored the word censorship.	Yes I feel bad for the Chinese people. I love the Norwegian government for donating $1 billion to save the rain forest.
Yes I feel bad for the Chinese people. I love the Norwegian government for donating $1 billion to save the rain forest.	That was mighty kind of them. Did you know our government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years. 3 times in 1977.
That was mighty kind of them. Did you know our government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years. 3 times in 1977.	That seems inefficient. Kind of frustrating actually. I find it funny that WikiLeaks published the government's plans to destroy WikiLeaks.
That seems inefficient. Kind of frustrating actually. I find it funny that WikiLeaks published the government's plans to destroy WikiLeaks.	That is funny. I also find it funny that JP morgan bailed the US government out in 1895. They are probably still paying him back. Lol.
That is funny. I also find it funny that JP morgan bailed the US government out in 1895. They are probably still paying him back. Lol.	Yes they probably are. Wonder what the president's take on that is? The top three wealthiest presidents of been JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Yes they probably are. Wonder what the president's take on that is? The top three wealthiest presidents of been JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I would have thought trump would have been on that list.
I would have thought trump would have been on that list.	I would've thought so too. Maybe he just needs to release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia.
I would've thought so too. Maybe he just needs to release some pop albums like the president of Indonesia.	I could see that out of trump. Anything to make a little more money or get a little bit more power. Lol.
I could see that out of trump. Anything to make a little more money or get a little bit more power. Lol.	Yeah I could definitely see him doing that. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President banana?
Yeah I could definitely see him doing that. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President banana?	That is funny.. Lol. In Guatemala close relatives of former presiedents cannot run for the presidency.
That is funny.. Lol. In Guatemala close relatives of former presiedents cannot run for the presidency.	I wonder if that is a good thing or bad thing? A man in France impersonated a government official and manage to sell the Eiffel tower twice! I wonder how much he made?
I wonder if that is a good thing or bad thing? A man in France impersonated a government official and manage to sell the Eiffel tower twice! I wonder how much he made?	really that is just mind blowing to be quite honest. Woodrow wilson was the only president with a phd. That is also surprising.
really that is just mind blowing to be quite honest. Woodrow wilson was the only president with a phd. That is also surprising.	That's very surprising indeed. In 2006 the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Convention's. Probably for the Iraq war.
That's very surprising indeed. In 2006 the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Convention's. Probably for the Iraq war.	Im not to familiar with the geneva convention. I did know that FDR was the last president to spak a foreign language fluently.
Im not to familiar with the geneva convention. I did know that FDR was the last president to spak a foreign language fluently.	I want to know what language that was! Sometimes I like listening to foreign music on the radio. It's not as easy in Canada though because 40% of the music has to be Canadian.
I want to know what language that was! Sometimes I like listening to foreign music on the radio. It's not as easy in Canada though because 40% of the music has to be Canadian.	I also heard that the most popular radio act in 1930s was a ventriloquist act.
I also heard that the most popular radio act in 1930s was a ventriloquist act.	That is hard to believe. I don't speak Latin but if I did I would listen to the program that the Finland radio broadcast. It was nice talking with you today. Have a great one.
That is hard to believe. I don't speak Latin but if I did I would listen to the program that the Finland radio broadcast. It was nice talking with you today. Have a great one.	Nice talking with you as well. Have a lovely day.
Nice talking with you as well. Have a lovely day.	Do you still get a chance to listen to the radio?
Do you still get a chance to listen to the radio?	Hello there, I do, I found a really good local station that I like, how about you?
Hello there, I do, I found a really good local station that I like, how about you?	I do. Did you know that the storms in Jupiter are so strong that they can be heard on an AM radio?
I do. Did you know that the storms in Jupiter are so strong that they can be heard on an AM radio?	I think I have read about that before, that is really amazing!
I think I have read about that before, that is really amazing!	I agree. Were you aware that you can make a radio with very little?
I agree. Were you aware that you can make a radio with very little?	I think so, I think soldiers in WWI make them using a razorblade and a pencil.
I think so, I think soldiers in WWI make them using a razorblade and a pencil.	Yes they did. They called them foxhole radios.
Yes they did. They called them foxhole radios.	Good call! I think any information or any form of entertainment they could get was well welcomed.
Good call! I think any information or any form of entertainment they could get was well welcomed.	I'm sure it was. Have you heard any of the old radio dramas that were very popular beforeTV?
I'm sure it was. Have you heard any of the old radio dramas that were very popular beforeTV?	No I don't think I have, but I do know there is a website where you can listen to tons of them for free.
No I don't think I have, but I do know there is a website where you can listen to tons of them for free.	There is. I wonder if they still hold up?
There is. I wonder if they still hold up?	I bet they do, but still are dated. I think there are some real gems hidden in that bunch.
I bet they do, but still are dated. I think there are some real gems hidden in that bunch.	You're probably right. Did you know that by law 40% of music played on Canadian radio has to be Canadian?
You're probably right. Did you know that by law 40% of music played on Canadian radio has to be Canadian?	I think I have heard about that, sounds pretty funny, but I bet the Canadian bands like it.
I think I have heard about that, sounds pretty funny, but I bet the Canadian bands like it.	I would imagine so. So strange that they had to make a law. Are you interested in politics at all?
I would imagine so. So strange that they had to make a law. Are you interested in politics at all?	I am not, I think most of politics is just fighting to stay in position, how about you?
I am not, I think most of politics is just fighting to stay in position, how about you?	I agree with you but I also think it's important so I do have an interest. Did you know that until 1805 the runner up in a presidential race became the VP? Can you imagine that now?
I agree with you but I also think it's important so I do have an interest. Did you know that until 1805 the runner up in a presidential race became the VP? Can you imagine that now?	That is very true. And yeah isn't that wild, it would be a reality show for sure!
That is very true. And yeah isn't that wild, it would be a reality show for sure!	It would be crazy. On the lighter side, do yo know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
It would be crazy. On the lighter side, do yo know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	I think he was called president Banana! But, I think it was because his actual name was that.
I think he was called president Banana! But, I think it was because his actual name was that.	He was! I'm not sure if that was his born name.
He was! I'm not sure if that was his born name.	Are you comfortable talking about the government?
Are you comfortable talking about the government?	Sure, I'm up for talking about anything. What do you think of our president and our govt?
Sure, I'm up for talking about anything. What do you think of our president and our govt?	What do you think about the statement, the people want to be kept secure and safe, but don't want to know how it is done
What do you think about the statement, the people want to be kept secure and safe, but don't want to know how it is done	I think that it makes us guilty of all kinds of things that we might not want to take part in. We're adults. We can hear the truth.
I think that it makes us guilty of all kinds of things that we might not want to take part in. We're adults. We can hear the truth.	True but lately, I have been growing feeling that ignorance is bliss to an extent. A bit worried where the current government is going
True but lately, I have been growing feeling that ignorance is bliss to an extent. A bit worried where the current government is going	I am worried too. Too much learning on the job. The Oval Office should be for those with experience. Too much is at stake.
I am worried too. Too much learning on the job. The Oval Office should be for those with experience. Too much is at stake.	I kind of which they provided more qualified presidential candidates. The last elections choices were for me trying to see who was less worse. Choosing presidents shouldn't be like that
I kind of which they provided more qualified presidential candidates. The last elections choices were for me trying to see who was less worse. Choosing presidents shouldn't be like that	Yes, very frustrating. Money has coopted the entire process. Now the candidate is sold to the highest bidder. I don't have enough money to buy a meaningful vote.
Yes, very frustrating. Money has coopted the entire process. Now the candidate is sold to the highest bidder. I don't have enough money to buy a meaningful vote.	In regards to voting, it is sad how low the voter turnout is in the US
In regards to voting, it is sad how low the voter turnout is in the US	It is quite low. Votes are apathetic and believe they have no faith in the system. How can that be changed? I wonder.
It is quite low. Votes are apathetic and believe they have no faith in the system. How can that be changed? I wonder.	I mean other countries have 90% turnup so...
I mean other countries have 90% turnup so...	I know that Australia requires people to vote. That is a good way to get a govt of the people.
I know that Australia requires people to vote. That is a good way to get a govt of the people.	I mean I like how the current government balanced freedom with absolute state authority, but the dominance of only 2 party has lead to some issues being argued over just for the sake of a political agenda rather than the people
I mean I like how the current government balanced freedom with absolute state authority, but the dominance of only 2 party has lead to some issues being argued over just for the sake of a political agenda rather than the people	Yes, the politicians serve themselves first, then the people a distance second. Or third. Actually, do they serve us?
Yes, the politicians serve themselves first, then the people a distance second. Or third. Actually, do they serve us?	I wonder if the structure in plato's republic would resolve any of our current problems
I wonder if the structure in plato's republic would resolve any of our current problems	Philosopher king? SOmething like that? I wonder. I like the lottery system of Athens.
Philosopher king? SOmething like that? I wonder. I like the lottery system of Athens.	Well basically, those who can't have can rule. But those who don't rule can have.
Well basically, those who can't have can rule. But those who don't rule can have.	Oh, no plutocracy then. Renounce possessions and assets and you get the reins of power.
Oh, no plutocracy then. Renounce possessions and assets and you get the reins of power.	Basically ya, it tries to remove any external forces that would motivate rulers to make selfish choices I guess. Not sure how it would work out though
Basically ya, it tries to remove any external forces that would motivate rulers to make selfish choices I guess. Not sure how it would work out though	I figure there would be quid pro quo, not immediate, but after the fact, once the rule left. No way to stop corruption without watchers. But will watch them? Anyway, great chat!
I figure there would be quid pro quo, not immediate, but after the fact, once the rule left. No way to stop corruption without watchers. But will watch them? Anyway, great chat!	Same. Thank you for chatting.
Same. Thank you for chatting.	hey there, do you listen to ej radio?
hey there, do you listen to ej radio?	No, I never heard of it. Maybe someone is trying to censor it, like the Chineese government censored the word censorship.
No, I never heard of it. Maybe someone is trying to censor it, like the Chineese government censored the word censorship.	apparently you can even catch Jupiter's storms in the am radio
apparently you can even catch Jupiter's storms in the am radio	I rarely listen to radio these days. Such an old tech: radio waves. Reminds me of the Cold War and VOA.
I rarely listen to radio these days. Such an old tech: radio waves. Reminds me of the Cold War and VOA.	true. soldiers in WWII used to make radios out of razorblades and pencils
true. soldiers in WWII used to make radios out of razorblades and pencils	That's wild. Luckily Hanson wasn't around then, otherwise they could've been fooled into listening to them...like Chicago was by a DJ who did not reveal the name of the Band
That's wild. Luckily Hanson wasn't around then, otherwise they could've been fooled into listening to them...like Chicago was by a DJ who did not reveal the name of the Band	true. I wonder though those soldiers what kind of channel they picked up with those radios
true. I wonder though those soldiers what kind of channel they picked up with those radios	Maybe they picked up FDR speaking a foreign language. He was the only Potus who could speak one fluently
Maybe they picked up FDR speaking a foreign language. He was the only Potus who could speak one fluently	could be. do you know any latin?
could be. do you know any latin?	It's all Greek to me. It' like listening to a ventriloquist on the radio.
It's all Greek to me. It' like listening to a ventriloquist on the radio.	Yeah me too but there is a radio in Finland that gives the news in latin
Yeah me too but there is a radio in Finland that gives the news in latin	I'm surprised they have an audience. If they're not careful they may need a government bailout...JP Morgan style
I'm surprised they have an audience. If they're not careful they may need a government bailout...JP Morgan style	I guess so. But I do wonder how many people speak latin to be listening to it
I guess so. But I do wonder how many people speak latin to be listening to it	Maybe they listen to it like music. There a station that plays the sun's "music". It's solar activity translated into sound.
Maybe they listen to it like music. There a station that plays the sun's "music". It's solar activity translated into sound.	so cool. and there is a radio station that plays free radio dramas. do you like those?
so cool. and there is a radio station that plays free radio dramas. do you like those?	Well, life's enough of a drama for me. We got an opioid crises, troops on the border, white supremacists marching....
Well, life's enough of a drama for me. We got an opioid crises, troops on the border, white supremacists marching....	yeah I guess we do not need the radio for more of that. do you know much about politics and presidents?
yeah I guess we do not need the radio for more of that. do you know much about politics and presidents?	Well, if the government keeps shutting down, there won't be much left to know. What happens if you renounce your citizenship and there's not government to leave behind?
Well, if the government keeps shutting down, there won't be much left to know. What happens if you renounce your citizenship and there's not government to leave behind?	that is an interesting question. did you know trump is not the wealthiest us president?
that is an interesting question. did you know trump is not the wealthiest us president?	He's so full of debt that he may be the poorest. He has not motive for moving to Monaco.
He's so full of debt that he may be the poorest. He has not motive for moving to Monaco.	Yeah I guess you never know. Nice chatting with you
Yeah I guess you never know. Nice chatting with you	Hi, did you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the Government? If they were treated like US citizens, they would be forced to sell it to pay for their massive debts.
Hi, did you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the Government? If they were treated like US citizens, they would be forced to sell it to pay for their massive debts.	Yes, the government does own 86% of Nevada. Not only that, but did you hear that in 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Convention?
Yes, the government does own 86% of Nevada. Not only that, but did you hear that in 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Convention?	Why even have the Geneva convention? Wow, some con man in France sold the Eiffel Tower twice!
Why even have the Geneva convention? Wow, some con man in France sold the Eiffel Tower twice!	Yes, but on the better side, in 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1B to help save the Amazon Rainforest. There's still some good left in the world.
Yes, but on the better side, in 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1B to help save the Amazon Rainforest. There's still some good left in the world.	That's cool of them. That is a lot of money for Norway. Meanwhile, the president of Indonesia released 4 pop albums.
That's cool of them. That is a lot of money for Norway. Meanwhile, the president of Indonesia released 4 pop albums.	I think it was 3 pop albums but I could be wrong. I did hear that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.
I think it was 3 pop albums but I could be wrong. I did hear that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks.	Yeah, 3... Did you know that soldiers made radios out of razor blades and pencils in WW I?
Yeah, 3... Did you know that soldiers made radios out of razor blades and pencils in WW I?	Yes, I heard about that. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio?
Yes, I heard about that. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio?	Yeah, Jupiter has some great stations. Canada's government requires 40% of their music to be Canadian.
Yeah, Jupiter has some great stations. Canada's government requires 40% of their music to be Canadian.	I know, right? Since 1989, a Finnish radio station has broadcast "Nuntii Latinii" - a weekly news program conducted entirely in Classical Latin.
I know, right? Since 1989, a Finnish radio station has broadcast "Nuntii Latinii" - a weekly news program conducted entirely in Classical Latin.	So do you follow Prince Harry and Ms. Markle? I don't get why people get so crazy about a royal couple.
So do you follow Prince Harry and Ms. Markle? I don't get why people get so crazy about a royal couple.	No, I don't. Prince Harry and Ms. Markle are all over the news and are celebrities in the UK because they are royalty.
No, I don't. Prince Harry and Ms. Markle are all over the news and are celebrities in the UK because they are royalty.	I guess they visited Wales. May dodged a question about inviting Trump to the wedding.
I guess they visited Wales. May dodged a question about inviting Trump to the wedding.	Yes, so says the British tabloids, who also reported that Prince Harry recently sidestepped an inquiry whether the Obamas could expect an invitation in their mailbox, given the prince's friendship with Barack Obama.
Yes, so says the British tabloids, who also reported that Prince Harry recently sidestepped an inquiry whether the Obamas could expect an invitation in their mailbox, given the prince's friendship with Barack Obama.	I didn't realize Markle's mom is black and her father is white. I couldn't care less. They are going to raise their child gender neutral.
I didn't realize Markle's mom is black and her father is white. I couldn't care less. They are going to raise their child gender neutral.	I guess the big question is, will the Obamas be headed to Windsor in May?
I guess the big question is, will the Obamas be headed to Windsor in May?	If they do, I don't want to see or hear about it. I just hope they are wasting more taxpayer money on the pleasure trips. I guess Harry and Meghan were presented with "Celtic Love Spoons"?
If they do, I don't want to see or hear about it. I just hope they are wasting more taxpayer money on the pleasure trips. I guess Harry and Meghan were presented with "Celtic Love Spoons"?	Yes, their ceremony at St. George's Chapel in Windsor which seats 800 will be filled no doubt.
Yes, their ceremony at St. George's Chapel in Windsor which seats 800 will be filled no doubt.	I'd rather visit a local pub and read up on the latest Wikileaks.
I'd rather visit a local pub and read up on the latest Wikileaks.	Ha, yes Wikileaks. Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks so they might be gone til then.
Ha, yes Wikileaks. Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks so they might be gone til then.	The Gov't could use a good government. Thanks for the chat!
The Gov't could use a good government. Thanks for the chat!	Hey how are you, what do you think about Trump?
Hey how are you, what do you think about Trump?	I have mixed feelings, I think he can do better in some aspects, how about you?
I have mixed feelings, I think he can do better in some aspects, how about you?	I believe he is a disgrace and history will look poorly back on him, I can't believe people buy anything he says. He puts words in peoples mouths like Macron on the european military.
I believe he is a disgrace and history will look poorly back on him, I can't believe people buy anything he says. He puts words in peoples mouths like Macron on the european military.	Good, I agree with you lol, I didn't want to say I hated him and end up you liked him lol. He sucks, in my opinion.
Good, I agree with you lol, I didn't want to say I hated him and end up you liked him lol. He sucks, in my opinion.	No he is a complete joke, he is terrible and so are the morons that support him, seriously have to be the dumbest people. I hope he does not win in 2020, otherwise Im moving to New Zealand ha.
No he is a complete joke, he is terrible and so are the morons that support him, seriously have to be the dumbest people. I hope he does not win in 2020, otherwise Im moving to New Zealand ha.	lol you sound like my brother matt, he would say the same thing and move to new zealand also.
lol you sound like my brother matt, he would say the same thing and move to new zealand also.	Did you see the EU members and the multinational brigades/
Did you see the EU members and the multinational brigades/	Did you know Zimbabwe's president is nicknamed president banana?
Did you know Zimbabwe's president is nicknamed president banana?	That is crazy, do you know who Angela Merkel is, do you like Germany?
That is crazy, do you know who Angela Merkel is, do you like Germany?	I just know we kicked Germanys butt in both ww1 and ww2
I just know we kicked Germanys butt in both ww1 and ww2	I wonder if Dee fought in WW2?
I wonder if Dee fought in WW2?	Dee who, a famous soldier? Trump?
Dee who, a famous soldier? Trump?	Not sure of his name. I'm also not sure what branch he was in though.
Not sure of his name. I'm also not sure what branch he was in though.	never heard of that person, I will have to research him. Do you listen to the radio much?
never heard of that person, I will have to research him. Do you listen to the radio much?	Radio? Is that the technology that uses those crazy radio waves to carry information, like sound and stuff?
Radio? Is that the technology that uses those crazy radio waves to carry information, like sound and stuff?	yes, crazy stuff. Radios in am mode can potentially pick up radio storms from jupiter!
yes, crazy stuff. Radios in am mode can potentially pick up radio storms from jupiter!	Oh wow, I wonder what they would have to say about government, it is that system or group of people that govern an organized community, often called a state. I wonder if they have governments on Jupiter.
Oh wow, I wonder what they would have to say about government, it is that system or group of people that govern an organized community, often called a state. I wonder if they have governments on Jupiter.	I think Trumps new Space force can bring democracy to jupiter and even mars
I think Trumps new Space force can bring democracy to jupiter and even mars	Not unless wikileaks publishes their plans to go there and colonize it. The US only brings democracy where there is oil, so I'm sure there is a ton there.
Not unless wikileaks publishes their plans to go there and colonize it. The US only brings democracy where there is oil, so I'm sure there is a ton there.	For sure, preach it! Did you know the government owns 86 percent of nevada. Must be doing some experimenting there
For sure, preach it! Did you know the government owns 86 percent of nevada. Must be doing some experimenting there	Is that the area called Area 69?
Is that the area called Area 69?	Yea, it is the cooler area 51. It was nice chatting with you!
Yea, it is the cooler area 51. It was nice chatting with you!	I am glad that the Government is back for the next three weeks.
I am glad that the Government is back for the next three weeks.	Me too, its a relief, hope things can settle now, did you hear the news about Alan Diaz?
Me too, its a relief, hope things can settle now, did you hear the news about Alan Diaz?	Therefore, we need to hurry up for our tax refunds! What happened?
Therefore, we need to hurry up for our tax refunds! What happened?	Well it seems like he died at age 71, it can seem old but it was still surprising.
Well it seems like he died at age 71, it can seem old but it was still surprising.	What caused his death?
What caused his death?	I think he dies out of natural causes, what makes his famous is the picture he captured of that kid, Elian Gonzales.
I think he dies out of natural causes, what makes his famous is the picture he captured of that kid, Elian Gonzales.	What was Elian Gonzales known for? Was he a prodigy?
What was Elian Gonzales known for? Was he a prodigy?	No, he was a kid and Alan Diaz took a photo of him in a moment of distress, he earned a Pulitzer Prize because of the photo, a soldier is like pointing a gun at him and the response of the kid is of terror
No, he was a kid and Alan Diaz took a photo of him in a moment of distress, he earned a Pulitzer Prize because of the photo, a soldier is like pointing a gun at him and the response of the kid is of terror	That is sad. Every picture has a symbolism.
That is sad. Every picture has a symbolism.	I agree, but behind every picture there is a history as well, Alan Diaz spent a lot of time in Cuba and this boosted his career.
I agree, but behind every picture there is a history as well, Alan Diaz spent a lot of time in Cuba and this boosted his career.	Symbolism and representation of history. He risked his life out there as a photographer.
Symbolism and representation of history. He risked his life out there as a photographer.	He did, but maybe retirement was the biggest risk he ever took as he died a few years later, I think maybe retirement killed him
He did, but maybe retirement was the biggest risk he ever took as he died a few years later, I think maybe retirement killed him	He wanted to continue his career. Why did he have to retire then?
He wanted to continue his career. Why did he have to retire then?	I'm not sure he wanted to continue it, but from personal experience once someone retires passion gets lost and that could kill you, so changing the subject a bit you know that Trumps guest house is bigger than the White House?
I'm not sure he wanted to continue it, but from personal experience once someone retires passion gets lost and that could kill you, so changing the subject a bit you know that Trumps guest house is bigger than the White House?	That is sad. To be honest, his ideas are different.
That is sad. To be honest, his ideas are different.	I don't agree with much of his ideas either, I think we made a mistake when he got elected but oh well there's not much we can do now.
I don't agree with much of his ideas either, I think we made a mistake when he got elected but oh well there's not much we can do now.	It's ridiculous with the wall. This caused the government to shut down. Imagine those people who have families need money to provide for them.
It's ridiculous with the wall. This caused the government to shut down. Imagine those people who have families need money to provide for them.	I know, its a terrible situation and for absurd reasons, at least his not making pop albums with his time in office like the president of Indonesia.
I know, its a terrible situation and for absurd reasons, at least his not making pop albums with his time in office like the president of Indonesia.	Speaking of pop albums, I believe that Kanye West is siding with Trump?
Speaking of pop albums, I believe that Kanye West is siding with Trump?	He is? well Kanye isn't the best person to ask lol, his had a lot of controversies during the past years.
He is? well Kanye isn't the best person to ask lol, his had a lot of controversies during the past years.	Nice chatting with you.
Nice chatting with you.	hey there what do you think of our government and constitution
hey there what do you think of our government and constitution	I think that like everything, there is good and bad to it. The bad for example, I find it odd that the US government owns 86% of Nevada.
I think that like everything, there is good and bad to it. The bad for example, I find it odd that the US government owns 86% of Nevada.	wow that is scary, good to know that norway donated 1 billion dollars to the amazon rainforest though
wow that is scary, good to know that norway donated 1 billion dollars to the amazon rainforest though	It is nice to hear of a government doing something positive. The government can be quite complicated. Usually it consists of legislature, executive and judiciary. I can see how things can get very confusing very quickly.
It is nice to hear of a government doing something positive. The government can be quite complicated. Usually it consists of legislature, executive and judiciary. I can see how things can get very confusing very quickly.	oh ya for sure, imagine the complicated scheme the guy who sold the eiffel tower used, he sold it not once but two times haha
oh ya for sure, imagine the complicated scheme the guy who sold the eiffel tower used, he sold it not once but two times haha	Wow, that is amazing. How can someone even manage to pull something like that, and twice?
Wow, that is amazing. How can someone even manage to pull something like that, and twice?	I know right, did you hear how the gov had a plan to destroy wikileaks?
I know right, did you hear how the gov had a plan to destroy wikileaks?	Yeah, ironically Wikileaks is who published that.
Yeah, ironically Wikileaks is who published that.	haha yup, do you know who President Banana is?
haha yup, do you know who President Banana is?	Wasn't the President of Zimbabwe called that? You think that is weird, did you know the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums, while in office.
Wasn't the President of Zimbabwe called that? You think that is weird, did you know the President of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums, while in office.	haha you'd think so, maybe he should make a pop album, he could call it president banana and vp plantain! haha
haha you'd think so, maybe he should make a pop album, he could call it president banana and vp plantain! haha	That's funny. I cannot imagine how someone can run a country and release albums. I don't know how they would find the time. Of course not all Presidents have the same amount of power, it depends on the country.
That's funny. I cannot imagine how someone can run a country and release albums. I don't know how they would find the time. Of course not all Presidents have the same amount of power, it depends on the country.	yes I agree, can you believe the runner up used to become the VP in the USA? That is so wacky
yes I agree, can you believe the runner up used to become the VP in the USA? That is so wacky	Up until 1805, right? I kind of wonder if that wouldn't be a better system in some ways. Maybe there would be less animosity since they would be forced to work together.
Up until 1805, right? I kind of wonder if that wouldn't be a better system in some ways. Maybe there would be less animosity since they would be forced to work together.	ya I would like to see Pres Trump and VP Hillary, it would either be hilarious or horrible haha
ya I would like to see Pres Trump and VP Hillary, it would either be hilarious or horrible haha	Yeah, I can see the downside potentially.
Yeah, I can see the downside potentially.	do you know the top 3 richest presidents btw?
do you know the top 3 richest presidents btw?	If I remember correctly it was JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I am surprised it was presidents from long ago and not more current.
If I remember correctly it was JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I am surprised it was presidents from long ago and not more current.	I know and I was surprised Trump was not on the list, very strange!
I know and I was surprised Trump was not on the list, very strange!	Can you believe that the Guest house is actually bigger than the white house? I would like to see that since the white house is huge.
Can you believe that the Guest house is actually bigger than the white house? I would like to see that since the white house is huge.	ya I need to go back and see it, I only was there once back in middle school
ya I need to go back and see it, I only was there once back in middle school	Yeah, I went quite a while ago as well. Well, it was nice chatting with you. Have a good day.
Yeah, I went quite a while ago as well. Well, it was nice chatting with you. Have a good day.	Hello do you follow politics at all?
Hello do you follow politics at all?	A little, what would you like to start with?
A little, what would you like to start with?	Let's start with the presidents. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson? I think that was before Trump became president....
Let's start with the presidents. Did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson? I think that was before Trump became president....	yeah, I was surprised Trump was not on that list, that list has to be from before 2016
yeah, I was surprised Trump was not on that list, that list has to be from before 2016	I'm thinking it is. Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office? He would fit right in here in the states. lol
I'm thinking it is. Did you know that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office? He would fit right in here in the states. lol	Yeah, that's funny. I wonder if you get into trouble for criticizing the the presidential music? Maybe get caned in Indonesia
Yeah, that's funny. I wonder if you get into trouble for criticizing the the presidential music? Maybe get caned in Indonesia	Oh my! LOL Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president. Interesting.
Oh my! LOL Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president. Interesting.	Vice President Clinton, can you imagine?
Vice President Clinton, can you imagine?	It would definitely make it interesting. lol Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
It would definitely make it interesting. lol Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House?	Now that's making guests feel at home.
Now that's making guests feel at home.	Buttering them up! lol Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?
Buttering them up! lol Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana?	Maybe his vice prez was named apple
Maybe his vice prez was named apple	Now wouldn't that be funny! Did you you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government? That pretty much leaves Las Vegas and Reno as the only spots to live. LOL
Now wouldn't that be funny! Did you you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government? That pretty much leaves Las Vegas and Reno as the only spots to live. LOL	yeah, that's lot of desert and secret military bases
yeah, that's lot of desert and secret military bases	No doubt! In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the amazon rain forest. That's a lot of money. I wonder if it helped at all.
No doubt! In 2008 the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the amazon rain forest. That's a lot of money. I wonder if it helped at all.	Where did the money come from?
Where did the money come from?	Probably the Norwegian tax payers. LOL A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice. That's nuts.
Probably the Norwegian tax payers. LOL A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel tower not once, but twice. That's nuts.	think he sold it to the same sucker?
think he sold it to the same sucker?	That would be funny ! hahaha On another cool topic before I have to get off here... Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio. That's pretty cool!
That would be funny ! hahaha On another cool topic before I have to get off here... Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio. That's pretty cool!	I was just reading about the fox hole radios, just need a razor blade and a pencil, that's pretty interesting as well.
I was just reading about the fox hole radios, just need a razor blade and a pencil, that's pretty interesting as well.	That is. Talk about being creative with what little you have to work with. I got to run. It's been fun chatting with you!
That is. Talk about being creative with what little you have to work with. I got to run. It's been fun chatting with you!	hi did you know the president guest house is bigger than the white house?
hi did you know the president guest house is bigger than the white house?	No that's really wild. I wonder why that is? Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe is named President banana haha
No that's really wild. I wonder why that is? Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe is named President banana haha	Yeah thats a very unique name!
Yeah thats a very unique name!	I saw that the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums. Do you think president banana has also done this?
I saw that the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums. Do you think president banana has also done this?	Thats pretty awesome, he must have a lot of time. I wonder how many concerts he does. I have no clue if President Banana has done this lol
Thats pretty awesome, he must have a lot of time. I wonder how many concerts he does. I have no clue if President Banana has done this lol	LOL yeah I've never heard of him before either. Do you think we should go back to the old world where the runner-up of the presidential election would become the vice president?
LOL yeah I've never heard of him before either. Do you think we should go back to the old world where the runner-up of the presidential election would become the vice president?	maybe, but not until Trump is out lol I dont think him and Hillary would make a good team
maybe, but not until Trump is out lol I dont think him and Hillary would make a good team	Nope at all. That is a recipe for massive drama. Do you listen to the radio by the way? Sometimes I listen to it on my way to work
Nope at all. That is a recipe for massive drama. Do you listen to the radio by the way? Sometimes I listen to it on my way to work	Yes sometimes. I usually listen to audio book or pandora though.
Yes sometimes. I usually listen to audio book or pandora though.	Yes I usually listen to YouTube myself. But I did hear that you can listen to a radio Storm from Jupiter. I think it's on the am Radio. I need to try that
Yes I usually listen to YouTube myself. But I did hear that you can listen to a radio Storm from Jupiter. I think it's on the am Radio. I need to try that	That sounds really interesting! There is a website you can listen to old classic radio dramas for free!
That sounds really interesting! There is a website you can listen to old classic radio dramas for free!	Wow Have you listened to it? Probably would like it myself. But say that you get what you pay for haha
Wow Have you listened to it? Probably would like it myself. But say that you get what you pay for haha	I probably wouldnt listen to it to be honest. I hear soldiers use to make radios out of a razor blade and a pencil. thats so weird.
I probably wouldnt listen to it to be honest. I hear soldiers use to make radios out of a razor blade and a pencil. thats so weird.	That is crazy. It was called The Foxhole radio. And I have no idea how it worked haha. I also wouldn't listen to a radio station that was broadcast in classical Latin haha
That is crazy. It was called The Foxhole radio. And I have no idea how it worked haha. I also wouldn't listen to a radio station that was broadcast in classical Latin haha	me either, I dont speak latin, but that is interesting.
me either, I dont speak latin, but that is interesting.	What do you think about the government? I guess they try to destroy Wikileaks or something
What do you think about the government? I guess they try to destroy Wikileaks or something	Thats interesting. I hear that the government owns 86% of Nevada.
Thats interesting. I hear that the government owns 86% of Nevada.	Yep that's what I heard too. I also heard a guy tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. That is insane haha
Yep that's what I heard too. I also heard a guy tried to sell the Eiffel Tower twice. That is insane haha	That guy must be an amzing con artist lol
That guy must be an amzing con artist lol	Oh totally. Speaking of something that is not a con, Norway gave over 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest. That is super nice of them
Oh totally. Speaking of something that is not a con, Norway gave over 1 billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest. That is super nice of them	That is really nice of them. I really would like to visit norway one day!
That is really nice of them. I really would like to visit norway one day!	I would too. The whole country seems like it's full of super nice people haha. Maybe I will see you there
I would too. The whole country seems like it's full of super nice people haha. Maybe I will see you there	How are you today?
How are you today?	I am good but very frustrated at Jeff Sessions defending the child separation at the border.
I am good but very frustrated at Jeff Sessions defending the child separation at the border.	I know this has gotten way out of hand. Apparently the concession is if you don't want to be separated from them then don't bring them.
I know this has gotten way out of hand. Apparently the concession is if you don't want to be separated from them then don't bring them.	That is a horrible idea. These people come here to try to save their children from abuse and death. The Washington Post told Sessions that separating infants and toddlers from their mothers is wrong.
That is a horrible idea. These people come here to try to save their children from abuse and death. The Washington Post told Sessions that separating infants and toddlers from their mothers is wrong.	I agree this situation is untenable. Apparently the US lost track of 1,475 immigrant children in 2018.
I agree this situation is untenable. Apparently the US lost track of 1,475 immigrant children in 2018.	It is so traumatic for the children. There are 11,000 unaccompanied children and it is taking 45 days to place them
It is so traumatic for the children. There are 11,000 unaccompanied children and it is taking 45 days to place them	Yes it is a sad state of affairs, something amicable needs to be done.
Yes it is a sad state of affairs, something amicable needs to be done.	The ACLU is fighting it - they say its the worst thing they have seen in 25 plus years.
The ACLU is fighting it - they say its the worst thing they have seen in 25 plus years.	Well i guess we will have to wait and see. Did you know that the guest house is bigger than the actual white house?
Well i guess we will have to wait and see. Did you know that the guest house is bigger than the actual white house?	Yes but probably smaller than Margo Largo! Even though Trump is not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents.
Yes but probably smaller than Margo Largo! Even though Trump is not one of the 3 wealthiest presidents.	Right! it was Jefferson, JFK & Washington. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump together in the white house?
Right! it was Jefferson, JFK & Washington. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump together in the white house?	That would be pretty funny. Or Trump and the first president of Zimbabwe - President Banana
That would be pretty funny. Or Trump and the first president of Zimbabwe - President Banana	TOO FUNNY!! I don't think i could let anyone call me banana. How about the president of Indonesia having 3 pop albums?
TOO FUNNY!! I don't think i could let anyone call me banana. How about the president of Indonesia having 3 pop albums?	That is pretty crazy! Imagine listening to Trump sing on the radio? Radios were one of the first methods of long range messaging.
That is pretty crazy! Imagine listening to Trump sing on the radio? Radios were one of the first methods of long range messaging.	Oh no! Apparently Jupiter storms are so strong that they can be picked up by Am radio.
Oh no! Apparently Jupiter storms are so strong that they can be picked up by Am radio.	Wow that is crazy! I did not know you could make simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil - soldiers in WWII did such things!
Wow that is crazy! I did not know you could make simple radios using a razorblade and a pencil - soldiers in WWII did such things!	Those guys are super heroes for real. Did you know that Canada has a law that 40% of its music be Canadian. .
Those guys are super heroes for real. Did you know that Canada has a law that 40% of its music be Canadian. .	That's pretty funny. I prefer Canadian music over the news in Latin like they play in Finland.
That's pretty funny. I prefer Canadian music over the news in Latin like they play in Finland.	I hear you. Did you know that our government owns 86% of Nevada.
I hear you. Did you know that our government owns 86% of Nevada.	Wow. That is pretty crazy. I had never heard that. Some governments definitely are in favor of preservation - Norway gave 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforests,
Wow. That is pretty crazy. I had never heard that. Some governments definitely are in favor of preservation - Norway gave 1 billion to help save the amazon rainforests,	That should have been enough to save it then. nice talking with you.
That should have been enough to save it then. nice talking with you.	Did you pay much attention to all the news about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?
Did you pay much attention to all the news about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?	Not much, I cut off my tv last year but I see them on website headlines from time to time.
Not much, I cut off my tv last year but I see them on website headlines from time to time.	I guess before the wedding they went on a tour to various places, including Wales
I guess before the wedding they went on a tour to various places, including Wales	I think that created some drama haha.
I think that created some drama haha.	The crowds would have been crazy considering that she's a famous actress
The crowds would have been crazy considering that she's a famous actress	I dont know what shows she is on, I heard some crime dramas and 90210. She is good looking!
I dont know what shows she is on, I heard some crime dramas and 90210. She is good looking!	Considering that she's now pregnant, they've been all over the British tabloids for a while
Considering that she's now pregnant, they've been all over the British tabloids for a while	Oh thats nice. Prince Harry seems like he would be a good father. I heard he had kids give Meghan a group hug.
Oh thats nice. Prince Harry seems like he would be a good father. I heard he had kids give Meghan a group hug.	People were also making a big deal about whether Obama would be invited to the wedding.
People were also making a big deal about whether Obama would be invited to the wedding.	Was he? Speaking of presidents, did you know the first president of zimbawe was called banana?
Was he? Speaking of presidents, did you know the first president of zimbawe was called banana?	That's actually his last name, which is even funnier if you ask me
That's actually his last name, which is even funnier if you ask me	The president of indonesia has 3 pop albums out.
The president of indonesia has 3 pop albums out.	I heard he actually released them while he was in office too. Who would have thought he would have the time?
I heard he actually released them while he was in office too. Who would have thought he would have the time?	Did you know back in the day, the runner up became vice president!
Did you know back in the day, the runner up became vice president!	I'm kind of glad that changed though with how different the political parties are
I'm kind of glad that changed though with how different the political parties are	Oh they would be at each others throats if that happened modern day.
Oh they would be at each others throats if that happened modern day.	And they would fight over the White House guest house since it's bigger than the actual White House
And they would fight over the White House guest house since it's bigger than the actual White House	Well if I were one of the wealthiest like jfk, washinton or jefferson, I would build my own white house haha.
Well if I were one of the wealthiest like jfk, washinton or jefferson, I would build my own white house haha.	I don't think the White House was built yet while Washington was President. The government has definitely changed over the years, though they still own 86% of Nevada
I don't think the White House was built yet while Washington was President. The government has definitely changed over the years, though they still own 86% of Nevada	Good point....did you know that Washington would be a half a billionaire in todays money though, I am sure he had a nice pad.
Good point....did you know that Washington would be a half a billionaire in todays money though, I am sure he had a nice pad.	Mount Vernon is a place you can still tour today. It's a whole plantation! Nice talking with you
Mount Vernon is a place you can still tour today. It's a whole plantation! Nice talking with you	hey did you know the university of iowa painted the rival team's locker room pink? haha
hey did you know the university of iowa painted the rival team's locker room pink? haha	I guess it's meant to psych out the opposition. How many home games have they won though? Talent wins.
I guess it's meant to psych out the opposition. How many home games have they won though? Talent wins.	haha thats what I want to know, personally I think that would make me play better because I'd be mad haha
haha thats what I want to know, personally I think that would make me play better because I'd be mad haha	Times have really change for sports. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Does anyone watch bowling now? Maybe the U of Iowa would paint the other team's lanes pink or something.
Times have really change for sports. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars. Does anyone watch bowling now? Maybe the U of Iowa would paint the other team's lanes pink or something.	ya that's a good point, maybe the pros will paint their bowling ball pink as well? haha, I guess the highest football score ever was 222-0 isn't that crazy
ya that's a good point, maybe the pros will paint their bowling ball pink as well? haha, I guess the highest football score ever was 222-0 isn't that crazy	Georgia Tech crushed Cumberland. Did the GT coach put in the third string? Did he have money riding on the game or something? Was there a pink lockerroom involved?
Georgia Tech crushed Cumberland. Did the GT coach put in the third string? Did he have money riding on the game or something? Was there a pink lockerroom involved?	haha those are all great questions, ya I think after like 100-0 I would definitely just give up, there's no coming back, maybe they should paint their football pink
haha those are all great questions, ya I think after like 100-0 I would definitely just give up, there's no coming back, maybe they should paint their football pink	ESPN won an Emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line showing the first down line for American football games. Was it weak field of Emmy contestants that year or something? The U of Iowa would want a pink line for the visiting team.
ESPN won an Emmy for creating the superimposed yellow line showing the first down line for American football games. Was it weak field of Emmy contestants that year or something? The U of Iowa would want a pink line for the visiting team.	haha I would like to see that on TV, people that create things are always interesting like the guy who created the football huddle, he was deaf and did it to prevent the opposing team from seeing his hand signs
haha I would like to see that on TV, people that create things are always interesting like the guy who created the football huddle, he was deaf and did it to prevent the opposing team from seeing his hand signs	Improvise. Adapt. Overcome. There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. I wonder why that is. Is it unusual to play QB from that side?
Improvise. Adapt. Overcome. There is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL. I wonder why that is. Is it unusual to play QB from that side?	thats a good question, what I want to know is does that give him an advantage, disadvantage, or probably it doesnt matter, do you listen to music?
thats a good question, what I want to know is does that give him an advantage, disadvantage, or probably it doesnt matter, do you listen to music?	Sure. Do you follow dance at all? Tupac the rapper danced ballet in high school. He played the mouse king in The Nutcracker. Not really in line with his image as a gangsta.
Sure. Do you follow dance at all? Tupac the rapper danced ballet in high school. He played the mouse king in The Nutcracker. Not really in line with his image as a gangsta.	haha no that sounds like it would have been a wild performance to see, I wonder what kind of music babies like best, apparently they will dance and smile when they hear a beat
haha no that sounds like it would have been a wild performance to see, I wonder what kind of music babies like best, apparently they will dance and smile when they hear a beat	Music is fundamental to our psyche. I wish dance were the same.
Music is fundamental to our psyche. I wish dance were the same.	ya, I'm bad at dancing, definitely not as good as Bruce Lee who apparently won a dance competition back in 1958
ya, I'm bad at dancing, definitely not as good as Bruce Lee who apparently won a dance competition back in 1958	He could kick it on the dance floor and in the dojo. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week. I wonder how many Bruce went through in a week.
He could kick it on the dance floor and in the dojo. Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes a week. I wonder how many Bruce went through in a week.	that's a good question, I used to date a ballerina and ya he does were really messed up, all that dancing will affect your shoes and also your feet
that's a good question, I used to date a ballerina and ya he does were really messed up, all that dancing will affect your shoes and also your feet	It's tough on your body. I've never been attracted to doing ballet. But I understand that it's challenging.
It's tough on your body. I've never been attracted to doing ballet. But I understand that it's challenging.	ya, also tough on your body is the Michael Jackson leaning device that he used, it used wires and apparently Jackson has a patent on it
ya, also tough on your body is the Michael Jackson leaning device that he used, it used wires and apparently Jackson has a patent on it	It was a clever illusion. Quite convincing. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!
It was a clever illusion. Quite convincing. Well, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a good night!	Thank you, you too! keep looking for that Tupac ballet tape I want to see it!
Thank you, you too! keep looking for that Tupac ballet tape I want to see it!	Hello, do you have a favorite football quarterback?
Hello, do you have a favorite football quarterback?	yes my favorite football qb is Aaron Rodgers.
yes my favorite football qb is Aaron Rodgers.	Ah, mine is probably Tom Brady, although a lot of Americans also like him
Ah, mine is probably Tom Brady, although a lot of Americans also like him	How much longer before Tom Brady retires?
How much longer before Tom Brady retires?	I am not sure, do you know? I also wanted to point out that the only left handed quarterback in the NFL is Kellan Moore
I am not sure, do you know? I also wanted to point out that the only left handed quarterback in the NFL is Kellan Moore	Really is Kellan Moore the only left handed quarterback? What tean does he play for?
Really is Kellan Moore the only left handed quarterback? What tean does he play for?	He has played a total of six seasons for the cowboys and the Detroit lions.
He has played a total of six seasons for the cowboys and the Detroit lions.	Oh i did not know that. Did he ever start a game?
Oh i did not know that. Did he ever start a game?	I am not sure. The circular huddle used in the NFL was invented so the opposing team could not see the hand signals.
I am not sure. The circular huddle used in the NFL was invented so the opposing team could not see the hand signals.	Wow thats amazing. Did you know the highest score in a football game ever was 222-0?
Wow thats amazing. Did you know the highest score in a football game ever was 222-0?	I feel very bad for the team that lost by 222 points. It was Georgia tech that defeated Cumberland right?
I feel very bad for the team that lost by 222 points. It was Georgia tech that defeated Cumberland right?	Yes it was. You have such good football knowledge. Which football quarterback has the most consecutive starts?
Yes it was. You have such good football knowledge. Which football quarterback has the most consecutive starts?	I am actually not sure on that one. Was it Tom Brady? I am not sure, who was it?
I am actually not sure on that one. Was it Tom Brady? I am not sure, who was it?	Well it was Brett Favre. Did you know Bruce Lee was a great dancer?
Well it was Brett Favre. Did you know Bruce Lee was a great dancer?	I never imagined Bruce Lee to be a dancer until I learned that he won the kong cha cha championship back in 1958!
I never imagined Bruce Lee to be a dancer until I learned that he won the kong cha cha championship back in 1958!	Did you know when Bruce Lee was a baby he would spontaneously dance when he heard music, and he smiled more when he hit the beat?
Did you know when Bruce Lee was a baby he would spontaneously dance when he heard music, and he smiled more when he hit the beat?	No I did not. Professional ballet dancers can go through up to four pairs of ballet shoes a week!
No I did not. Professional ballet dancers can go through up to four pairs of ballet shoes a week!	That is true. Did you know Tupac danced ballet in high school?
That is true. Did you know Tupac danced ballet in high school?	He was a ballet dancer that portrayed the mouse king in the nutcracker right?
He was a ballet dancer that portrayed the mouse king in the nutcracker right?	That is right. I never would have thought that tough ex gang member rapper Tupac danced ballet.
That is right. I never would have thought that tough ex gang member rapper Tupac danced ballet.	Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that can be used to achieve a lot of lean.
Michael Jackson has a patent on a device that can be used to achieve a lot of lean.	Was that a lean he did in some of his dance moves?
Was that a lean he did in some of his dance moves?	Yep, I was always wondering how he achieved those.
Yep, I was always wondering how he achieved those.	What is the most popular sport in the world?
What is the most popular sport in the world?	I belive that it is soccer (or football)
I belive that it is soccer (or football)	That is correct. Have you ever played soccer?
That is correct. Have you ever played soccer?	I sometimes do. what about you?
I sometimes do. what about you?	No but i have played football.
No but i have played football.	Ah, so have I. Anyways, I have to go now. Thank you for the wonderful chat!
Ah, so have I. Anyways, I have to go now. Thank you for the wonderful chat!	Hi do you like to dance? Even babies spontaneously dance when music is played for them.
Hi do you like to dance? Even babies spontaneously dance when music is played for them.	Yes! I am not a big dancer. I think that as we age, we lose a lot of our childlike joy in things.
Yes! I am not a big dancer. I think that as we age, we lose a lot of our childlike joy in things.	Perhaps, I do still like a lot of childhood things. I am still a big fan of bruce lee who was also a great dancer.
Perhaps, I do still like a lot of childhood things. I am still a big fan of bruce lee who was also a great dancer.	I am a big fan of Bruce Lee as well. He won a dance championship in the 50's. His movements were so graceful.
I am a big fan of Bruce Lee as well. He won a dance championship in the 50's. His movements were so graceful.	Yes the 1958 cha-cha championship. Good times.
Yes the 1958 cha-cha championship. Good times.	Have you ever taken a dance class? Ballet is beautiful. Dancers can go though 4 pairs of their pointe shoes in a week!
Have you ever taken a dance class? Ballet is beautiful. Dancers can go though 4 pairs of their pointe shoes in a week!	That's a lot of shoes! I never had the opportunity to take classes probably because I played a lot of football as a quarterback.
That's a lot of shoes! I never had the opportunity to take classes probably because I played a lot of football as a quarterback.	Football is my favorite sport. Did you enjoy playing QB? How many years did you play?
Football is my favorite sport. Did you enjoy playing QB? How many years did you play?	I played for 4 years in high school. It was fun but high stress the QB involved in pretty much every offensive play and lets face it no one cares about defense.
I played for 4 years in high school. It was fun but high stress the QB involved in pretty much every offensive play and lets face it no one cares about defense.	Unless you are ON the defense! I think it is amazing that Tom Brady had such a slow start to his career.
Unless you are ON the defense! I think it is amazing that Tom Brady had such a slow start to his career.	yeah they didn't even start him once on his high school team.
yeah they didn't even start him once on his high school team.	Yes. And not at first in college either. Never give up on your dreams. Very inspiring. Do you like the Redskins?
Yes. And not at first in college either. Never give up on your dreams. Very inspiring. Do you like the Redskins?	I do, I have been to RFK Stadium before. It was a long time ago.
I do, I have been to RFK Stadium before. It was a long time ago.	I have been to Fed EX field, not RFK. Alex Smith is one of my favorite QB's. He started college as a junior. Sad about his injury this year.
I have been to Fed EX field, not RFK. Alex Smith is one of my favorite QB's. He started college as a junior. Sad about his injury this year.	yeah that's too bad. I think part of the reason I gave up on football was I never had a fair shot because I'm left handed. Even now there is only 1 left handed qb in all of the nfl.
yeah that's too bad. I think part of the reason I gave up on football was I never had a fair shot because I'm left handed. Even now there is only 1 left handed qb in all of the nfl.	Yes, that is statistically odd. When did the Redskins move to the new field?
Yes, that is statistically odd. When did the Redskins move to the new field?	hmm It was 1997 when they moved into FedEx Field.
hmm It was 1997 when they moved into FedEx Field.	High school players sometimes get to play on pro fields, like RFK Stadium. Did you ever get to do that as QB?
High school players sometimes get to play on pro fields, like RFK Stadium. Did you ever get to do that as QB?	No unfortunately not. I remember when the old RFK hosted a triple header of HS games. It would have been so cool to play on that field.
No unfortunately not. I remember when the old RFK hosted a triple header of HS games. It would have been so cool to play on that field.	Something magical about that! I have been down on the Broncos field, and in Arizona. Football fields have a lot of tradition associated with them.
Something magical about that! I have been down on the Broncos field, and in Arizona. Football fields have a lot of tradition associated with them.	Yes. Anyways I should go. It was nice talking to you.
Yes. Anyways I should go. It was nice talking to you.	You too! Take care....
You too! Take care....	thanks
thanks	Radford hit a crazy final shot to get into the NCAA tournament
Radford hit a crazy final shot to get into the NCAA tournament	agree, do you watch NCAA men's basketball tournament?
agree, do you watch NCAA men's basketball tournament?	I love the NCAA tournament, I fill out a bracket every year for it.
I love the NCAA tournament, I fill out a bracket every year for it.	I also like Tappan Zee, he is a smart player
I also like Tappan Zee, he is a smart player	I think Tappan Zee is actually a high school team, they recently lost on a crazy play.
I think Tappan Zee is actually a high school team, they recently lost on a crazy play.	yes and also McGarvey also played safety during football season, and he played excellent pass defense in making the interception, who payed very good
yes and also McGarvey also played safety during football season, and he played excellent pass defense in making the interception, who payed very good	McGarvey's football skills really helped him on that play! He's been getting a lot of attention after that.
McGarvey's football skills really helped him on that play! He's been getting a lot of attention after that.	Yes I totally agree with you. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Yes I totally agree with you. Who is your favorite quarterback?	I like Matt Ryan, do you like football?
I like Matt Ryan, do you like football?	Yes I like, one interesting fact, did you know that Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958?
Yes I like, one interesting fact, did you know that Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958?	Wow I didn't know Bruce Lee was a dancer! I only knew him as a great martial artist.
Wow I didn't know Bruce Lee was a dancer! I only knew him as a great martial artist.	yes a really great actor. Also Michael jackson has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves... so interesting
yes a really great actor. Also Michael jackson has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves... so interesting	Michael Jackson is amazing. Tupac was actually a great dancer too.
Michael Jackson is amazing. Tupac was actually a great dancer too.	Really? I couldn't even imagine. I love him so much, he is the greatest. So what country football you prefer the most?
Really? I couldn't even imagine. I love him so much, he is the greatest. So what country football you prefer the most?	I only watch American football, what about you?
I only watch American football, what about you?	Me too but some years ago I was watching Italian football as well and Spanish. Did you know that In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?
Me too but some years ago I was watching Italian football as well and Spanish. Did you know that In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	That's crazy, football players make much more now.
That's crazy, football players make much more now.	yes exactly, and also Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
yes exactly, and also Espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.	I love that line, makes it much more enjoyable to watch
I love that line, makes it much more enjoyable to watch	Yes agree with you. Can you believe that The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0? this is so funny, how is that even possible? lol
Yes agree with you. Can you believe that The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0? this is so funny, how is that even possible? lol	Yes I live in Atlanta, that team is very close to me, I actually knew that.
Yes I live in Atlanta, that team is very close to me, I actually knew that.	Hi, I am a huge football fan. We love the Packers. How about you?
Hi, I am a huge football fan. We love the Packers. How about you?	Hello, I watch some football, im not a huge fan. I like the niners. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players?
Hello, I watch some football, im not a huge fan. I like the niners. Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players?	Noway! I never heard that but totally believe it! I am a huge college football fan too, we love OU.
Noway! I never heard that but totally believe it! I am a huge college football fan too, we love OU.	I dont know what that is.
I dont know what that is.	Oklahoma University is the college team we follow. We watched Baker Mayfield play all the way through school. It was a lot of fun watching him get better every season. I am more of a bowler in terms of ability.
Oklahoma University is the college team we follow. We watched Baker Mayfield play all the way through school. It was a lot of fun watching him get better every season. I am more of a bowler in terms of ability.	Oh nice! have you ever visited the university of iowa's opposing team locker room?
Oh nice! have you ever visited the university of iowa's opposing team locker room?	No, we have never traveled that far before?
No, we have never traveled that far before?	Apparently it is painted pink lol
Apparently it is painted pink lol	Ha, that is hilarious. It must be to get into their heads before the games start! I love it. Ya know the highest game ever scored was 222-0. Crazy,huh
Ha, that is hilarious. It must be to get into their heads before the games start! I love it. Ya know the highest game ever scored was 222-0. Crazy,huh	That sounds embarrassing lol
That sounds embarrassing lol	Yeah, that would be a nightmare. I don't think they would allow that today for the sportsmanship of the game.
Yeah, that would be a nightmare. I don't think they would allow that today for the sportsmanship of the game.	Did you know theres only one left handed quarterback?
Did you know theres only one left handed quarterback?	I never knew that, wow. I had noticed that dance is similar to football in terms of being choreographed. Dancers like Bruce Lee used it in their film and enter competitions too.
I never knew that, wow. I had noticed that dance is similar to football in terms of being choreographed. Dancers like Bruce Lee used it in their film and enter competitions too.	Yeah I cant believe he won a cha cha competition.
Yeah I cant believe he won a cha cha competition.	I know it what a weird fun fact about him.lol I learned recently that Michael Jackson had a patent on shoes for his dancing.
I know it what a weird fun fact about him.lol I learned recently that Michael Jackson had a patent on shoes for his dancing.	Oh thats cool, Im sure Michael Jackson has a lot of patents on his moves and clothing lol Did you see that series that came out Leaving Neverland?
Oh thats cool, Im sure Michael Jackson has a lot of patents on his moves and clothing lol Did you see that series that came out Leaving Neverland?	No, I really want to see that though, just out of curiosity. Another singer that was also a dancer was Tupac. He was in the ballet Nutcracker n high school.
No, I really want to see that though, just out of curiosity. Another singer that was also a dancer was Tupac. He was in the ballet Nutcracker n high school.	It was devastating, I cant get it out of my mind. yeah I did hear that, that is pretty awesome!
It was devastating, I cant get it out of my mind. yeah I did hear that, that is pretty awesome!	Ha, yeah people and their path to fame is crazy. The OU QB Baker Mayfield was going to become a professional gamer and not pursue football at one point. That is scary! Thanks for the fun chat I really enjoyed it.
Ha, yeah people and their path to fame is crazy. The OU QB Baker Mayfield was going to become a professional gamer and not pursue football at one point. That is scary! Thanks for the fun chat I really enjoyed it.	Great chatting!
Great chatting!	You too, have a good one!
You too, have a good one!	When I think of football, I think of American gridiron football. What do you think of?
When I think of football, I think of American gridiron football. What do you think of?	I think its a great sport, I like it and find it really engaging, do you have like a favorite team?
I think its a great sport, I like it and find it really engaging, do you have like a favorite team?	I guess I like the Patriots. I find it helps to root for a winning team. Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a football in the NFL.
I guess I like the Patriots. I find it helps to root for a winning team. Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled a football in the NFL.	I like the Patriots as well and he was a great player I became a fan of the team because of him,
I like the Patriots as well and he was a great player I became a fan of the team because of him,	Have you ever watched Australian rules football, or rugby? While these are called football, they are faster and more painful to play.
Have you ever watched Australian rules football, or rugby? While these are called football, they are faster and more painful to play.	I have watched Rugby and think its a nice sport as well, I also like dancing,
I have watched Rugby and think its a nice sport as well, I also like dancing,	Rugby is a sport for the strong. Dancing is very helpful to all kinds of athletes. Bruce Lee won the Honk Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958.
Rugby is a sport for the strong. Dancing is very helpful to all kinds of athletes. Bruce Lee won the Honk Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958.	I agree, rugby requires strengh and dance requires agility, so Bruce Lee not only was a martial arts champion but also a skilled dancer? he sure was full with suprices
I agree, rugby requires strengh and dance requires agility, so Bruce Lee not only was a martial arts champion but also a skilled dancer? he sure was full with suprices	Its is kind of neat how dance means one thing depending on culture, and football means one thing depending on culture. And yet, Bruce Lee danced the Cha-Cha.
Its is kind of neat how dance means one thing depending on culture, and football means one thing depending on culture. And yet, Bruce Lee danced the Cha-Cha.	It is neat, do you like ballet?
It is neat, do you like ballet?	I knew some one who was in a high school version of the Nutcracker. They were no Tupac, but they liked it. I do not.
I knew some one who was in a high school version of the Nutcracker. They were no Tupac, but they liked it. I do not.	I see, its amazing how much shoes a pro dancer has to buy, 4 pairs a week,
I see, its amazing how much shoes a pro dancer has to buy, 4 pairs a week,	Yes, it looks painful as well. I wonder if a pro ballet dancer makes more than a top bowler? Some sports stars make lots of money. in the 1960's bowlers made more than football stars.
Yes, it looks painful as well. I wonder if a pro ballet dancer makes more than a top bowler? Some sports stars make lots of money. in the 1960's bowlers made more than football stars.	I guess football wasn't so popular back then, pro players make a lot of money now I bet Quarterbacks are one of the highest paid players
I guess football wasn't so popular back then, pro players make a lot of money now I bet Quarterbacks are one of the highest paid players	The leader of the offensive team and the player that touches the ball almost every offensive play? Yep, they deserve top money.
The leader of the offensive team and the player that touches the ball almost every offensive play? Yep, they deserve top money.	Do you know who Tom Brady is?
Do you know who Tom Brady is?	He is the patriots QB. In high school he was a backup player and never played a game.
He is the patriots QB. In high school he was a backup player and never played a game.	Thats crazy, the coach didnt know he had a hall of famer in the bench, they had a terrible season I bet that made Brady work harder to make it to the starting team
Thats crazy, the coach didnt know he had a hall of famer in the bench, they had a terrible season I bet that made Brady work harder to make it to the starting team	The competition between players must be fierce, or maybe Brady never wanted to start in high school. Save himself for the big time. Baker Mayfield is competitive in games like halo 3 and thinks of becoming a full time gambler.
The competition between players must be fierce, or maybe Brady never wanted to start in high school. Save himself for the big time. Baker Mayfield is competitive in games like halo 3 and thinks of becoming a full time gambler.	I heard he considered quitting football once to pursue a gaming career, I think he made the right decision in financial terms
I heard he considered quitting football once to pursue a gaming career, I think he made the right decision in financial terms	It is a bit of a gamble to enter any career. Let alone one where you throw forward passes.
It is a bit of a gamble to enter any career. Let alone one where you throw forward passes.	I see your point, players can get injured easily in the field so its a tough call, some injuries end careers.
I see your point, players can get injured easily in the field so its a tough call, some injuries end careers.	Hi do you watch the NFL?
Hi do you watch the NFL?	I sure do . DO you have a favorite position in the game?
I sure do . DO you have a favorite position in the game?	I like the QB, and you?
I like the QB, and you?	me too. Did you know Brady was a backup QB that never got started n high school?
me too. Did you know Brady was a backup QB that never got started n high school?	Yeah that was big mistake on their behalf as the guy is awesome
Yeah that was big mistake on their behalf as the guy is awesome	you bet it was. DO you know who ALex Smith is?
you bet it was. DO you know who ALex Smith is?	Yes he is a QB who is also super smart and finished college in two years
Yes he is a QB who is also super smart and finished college in two years	yeah he planned ahead by taking lots of ap tests, smart kid
yeah he planned ahead by taking lots of ap tests, smart kid	Yes. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yes. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?	Yes that was Paul Hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to understand what he was saying
Yes that was Paul Hubbard who was deaf and did not want the other team to understand what he was saying	Yeah smart guy. Baker Mayfield wanted to become a professional gamer and quit football
Yeah smart guy. Baker Mayfield wanted to become a professional gamer and quit football	Yes he still claims to be really good at Halo 3
Yes he still claims to be really good at Halo 3	Yeah and the thinks that he can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma at it
Yeah and the thinks that he can beat anyone at U of Oklahoma at it	Wow good for him I guess. DO you know who kellan moore is?
Wow good for him I guess. DO you know who kellan moore is?	Yes he is the only left handed QB in the NFL right now
Yes he is the only left handed QB in the NFL right now	I wonder if he has any advantages for that fact over the others
I wonder if he has any advantages for that fact over the others	I wonder too. Do you like Baseball?
I wonder too. Do you like Baseball?	I like it too . DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?
I like it too . DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?	That is because they can play of they team needs them to
That is because they can play of they team needs them to	yes. Do you know what kickball is called in Canada?
yes. Do you know what kickball is called in Canada?	Yes it is called soccer-baseball
Yes it is called soccer-baseball	Hello. Do you like football? Are ready for the super bowl? I hope we have a good game like the football game that occurred in 1916 when the score was 222-0. Georgia tech vs. Cumberland.
Hello. Do you like football? Are ready for the super bowl? I hope we have a good game like the football game that occurred in 1916 when the score was 222-0. Georgia tech vs. Cumberland.	I am ready and really exited, my team is playing so I am really looking forward to it, and that would be really unusual
I am ready and really exited, my team is playing so I am really looking forward to it, and that would be really unusual	Well I am sure there will be a lot of scoring. Not like the Junipero Serra high school JV football team that had a bad season. They failed to win a game or even score a touchdown! The whole time they had Tom Brady on his team but never properly used him.
Well I am sure there will be a lot of scoring. Not like the Junipero Serra high school JV football team that had a bad season. They failed to win a game or even score a touchdown! The whole time they had Tom Brady on his team but never properly used him.	That seems like a big waster imagine having a hall of famer and one of the best QB in history and not using them, I guess thats why they lost.
That seems like a big waster imagine having a hall of famer and one of the best QB in history and not using them, I guess thats why they lost.	Yes bad coaching. Well another interesting fact about football is that Alex smith was very smart that he got his bachelor's degree in only two years and was working on a master's degree before being number one pick for the 2005 NFL draft.
Yes bad coaching. Well another interesting fact about football is that Alex smith was very smart that he got his bachelor's degree in only two years and was working on a master's degree before being number one pick for the 2005 NFL draft.	Wow most players just decide to go pro and dont worry about studies, that is really admirable.
Wow most players just decide to go pro and dont worry about studies, that is really admirable.	So true! Well Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.
So true! Well Kellan Moore is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL.	Really the only one? I wonder why that is, maybe left handed players aren't as skilled in football.
Really the only one? I wonder why that is, maybe left handed players aren't as skilled in football.	Don't they say left handed people are more artsy? Right handed Ben Jarvus Green Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
Don't they say left handed people are more artsy? Right handed Ben Jarvus Green Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Could be, but it doesnt look like for the QB position and that is a great record, not fumbling? he must be the only player.
Could be, but it doesnt look like for the QB position and that is a great record, not fumbling? he must be the only player.	Well just like football, baseball has a lot of interesting facts. Did you know that kickball is also called Soccer-baseball Canada.
Well just like football, baseball has a lot of interesting facts. Did you know that kickball is also called Soccer-baseball Canada.	I didnt know that, that is an interesting fact just like why the managers also wear uniforms
I didnt know that, that is an interesting fact just like why the managers also wear uniforms	Yes! Or the fact that baseball is popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as America's National pastime.
Yes! Or the fact that baseball is popular in Japan that many fans are surprised to discover its status as America's National pastime.	I wonder if they also collect cards in Japan? its crazy how much those cards are worth, at least the rare ones.
I wonder if they also collect cards in Japan? its crazy how much those cards are worth, at least the rare ones.	Rare baseball cards are worth a lot. A man once found three million dollars worth 1900s baseball cards in his grandfather's attic. That's incredible!
Rare baseball cards are worth a lot. A man once found three million dollars worth 1900s baseball cards in his grandfather's attic. That's incredible!	He sure was a lucky man, imagine finding that much money in your attic
He sure was a lucky man, imagine finding that much money in your attic	He was very lucky. I also think the married couple who scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games were also lucky to be given such a job. They did this until 2005.
He was very lucky. I also think the married couple who scheduled all 2430 major league baseball games were also lucky to be given such a job. They did this until 2005.	That sure sounds like a lot of work for only two people, 2430 are a whole bunch of games
That sure sounds like a lot of work for only two people, 2430 are a whole bunch of games	That is a large amount just like when the top bowler's in the 1960s made twice as much as top football stars.
That is a large amount just like when the top bowler's in the 1960s made twice as much as top football stars.	I wonder why they made more, maybe football wasnt popular at the time and bowling was!
I wonder why they made more, maybe football wasnt popular at the time and bowling was!	Well it was the 1960's so it is understandable that more people liked to watch bowling. Anyways it was nice chatting with you.
Well it was the 1960's so it is understandable that more people liked to watch bowling. Anyways it was nice chatting with you.	hi how are you doing today? do you like sports?
hi how are you doing today? do you like sports?	I like sports, I like all forms of football, even Canadian football.
I like sports, I like all forms of football, even Canadian football.	I dont know canadian football. is it good? is it polite? LOL
I dont know canadian football. is it good? is it polite? LOL	It is like the NFL, but with small differences. Do you like the NFL ?
It is like the NFL, but with small differences. Do you like the NFL ?	i do, but i dont get to watch very much. maybe the super bowl.
i do, but i dont get to watch very much. maybe the super bowl.	Can you believe that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL ? Do you think there is a bias ?
Can you believe that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL ? Do you think there is a bias ?	no, i think that maybe there is something about the sport that attracts righties to that position. i think some great lefties have played QB in the past though.
no, i think that maybe there is something about the sport that attracts righties to that position. i think some great lefties have played QB in the past though.	Yeah, but do you think plays are drawn for right handed QB and left handed QB might have some difficulties with them ?
Yeah, but do you think plays are drawn for right handed QB and left handed QB might have some difficulties with them ?	yes, that is a possibility. i guess that the blockers might have to switch around too.
yes, that is a possibility. i guess that the blockers might have to switch around too.	Like left handed pitcher have a advantage because people are not used to them. Do you like baseball ?
Like left handed pitcher have a advantage because people are not used to them. Do you like baseball ?	i do like baseball. i try to watch the playoffs and the series.
i do like baseball. i try to watch the playoffs and the series.	It is special, I think it is the only sport that the manager can play for their team if they need it, that is why they wear a uniform.
It is special, I think it is the only sport that the manager can play for their team if they need it, that is why they wear a uniform.	That must be a holdover from the old days. i bet a player was chosen as manager. then there was a leader on the field.
That must be a holdover from the old days. i bet a player was chosen as manager. then there was a leader on the field.	Baseball is an old sport, they had baseball cards in the 1900s, they are worth millions now.
Baseball is an old sport, they had baseball cards in the 1900s, they are worth millions now.	i would love to find a trove of those cards! i would sell some and keep the rest. what would you do?
i would love to find a trove of those cards! i would sell some and keep the rest. what would you do?	I would sell them all and invest in something. But if they were my grandfather's I would to the same as you.
I would sell them all and invest in something. But if they were my grandfather's I would to the same as you.	Yes, the cards can appreciate, but i would like to invest as well.
Yes, the cards can appreciate, but i would like to invest as well.	But if it was a family heirloom, I would have some sleepless nights. I would want to keep some, but at the same they are worth a lot. I could keep the worthless ones...
But if it was a family heirloom, I would have some sleepless nights. I would want to keep some, but at the same they are worth a lot. I could keep the worthless ones...	true, it is hard to part with things that have been in the family. Anyway, great chat!
true, it is hard to part with things that have been in the family. Anyway, great chat!	You too, thanks for the conversation. I hope the playoffs will be good.
You too, thanks for the conversation. I hope the playoffs will be good.	Have a great day! Yes, me too.
Have a great day! Yes, me too.	Bye
Bye	Did you hear about the Oklahoma quarterback and the Heisman Trophy he won?
Did you hear about the Oklahoma quarterback and the Heisman Trophy he won?	Yes. It was Kyler Murray from Oklahoma?
Yes. It was Kyler Murray from Oklahoma?	Yeah the same one, he is really skilled and now is on the top of college football, I hope he does well in the NFL
Yeah the same one, he is really skilled and now is on the top of college football, I hope he does well in the NFL	He also was drafted by the Oakland A's for baseball in 2018.
He also was drafted by the Oakland A's for baseball in 2018.	I see, it must be hard to win the Heisman trophy he had 40 touchdowns in the season that is amazing
I see, it must be hard to win the Heisman trophy he had 40 touchdowns in the season that is amazing	I would love to have that kind of talent! Gives him a lot of options.
I would love to have that kind of talent! Gives him a lot of options.	It does, I bet every team wants him in their roster, quarterbacks are the most important player in the team
It does, I bet every team wants him in their roster, quarterbacks are the most important player in the team	I agree. His uncle Calvin Murray also played baseball for the San Francisco Giants.
I agree. His uncle Calvin Murray also played baseball for the San Francisco Giants.	Did he? I guess football runs in his family do you like Tom Brady?
Did he? I guess football runs in his family do you like Tom Brady?	Yes. I didn't like him early in his career but a few years ago he changed my mind. Speaking of QB's Browns QB Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue competitive gaming full time.
Yes. I didn't like him early in his career but a few years ago he changed my mind. Speaking of QB's Browns QB Baker Mayfield once considered quitting football to pursue competitive gaming full time.	I heard he has some crazy Halo skills, he is pretty good, he beat everyone at his university
I heard he has some crazy Halo skills, he is pretty good, he beat everyone at his university	That's crazy. There's only 1 left handed QB in the NFL ... Kellan Moore. I didn't know that.
That's crazy. There's only 1 left handed QB in the NFL ... Kellan Moore. I didn't know that.	The only one? I bet his good, do you also like baseball?
The only one? I bet his good, do you also like baseball?	Love baseball. That's my favorite sport. Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they technically are able to play for their teams if they are needed?
Love baseball. That's my favorite sport. Did you know that baseball managers wear uniforms because they technically are able to play for their teams if they are needed?	I didnt know that, it would be interesting to watch a manager play and win the game, they must remain fit just in case
I didnt know that, it would be interesting to watch a manager play and win the game, they must remain fit just in case	You're right. Baseball is also really popular in Japan.
You're right. Baseball is also really popular in Japan.	It is, there was a man that found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards, he found them in his attic, crazy right?
It is, there was a man that found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards, he found them in his attic, crazy right?	I wish I could have that kind of luck! Baseball is also called America's national pastime, but I think that has long since been passed by football, basketball, and video gaming.
I wish I could have that kind of luck! Baseball is also called America's national pastime, but I think that has long since been passed by football, basketball, and video gaming.	I agree, how hard can it be to organize baseball games, a couple scheduled all of the 2430 MLB games for 24 years
I agree, how hard can it be to organize baseball games, a couple scheduled all of the 2430 MLB games for 24 years	Wow. I don't think I would want to do that job. If I did I would schedule the first month of the season to be played in either in either domes/stadiums with a retractable roof or have the teams play in the warmer southern states. Sometimes April games isn't ideal to play baseball in the crummy weather.
Wow. I don't think I would want to do that job. If I did I would schedule the first month of the season to be played in either in either domes/stadiums with a retractable roof or have the teams play in the warmer southern states. Sometimes April games isn't ideal to play baseball in the crummy weather.	It must be a hard job for just two people, anyway sports are great Im glad they exist!
It must be a hard job for just two people, anyway sports are great Im glad they exist!	Hi how are you today?
Hi how are you today?	I guess the family has been a sporting family, and not just in Football
I guess the family has been a sporting family, and not just in Football	Do you like football? Can you believe The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink. LOL
Do you like football? Can you believe The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink. LOL	I bet they do that for mental intimidation, wow, I never knew that. I am not a big sports person. I guess many people love football. How about you?
I bet they do that for mental intimidation, wow, I never knew that. I am not a big sports person. I guess many people love football. How about you?	Yes I like it but its not my favorite. Have you ever been to a football game?
Yes I like it but its not my favorite. Have you ever been to a football game?	LOL, I have never been to one. Have only gone to a baseball game.
LOL, I have never been to one. Have only gone to a baseball game.	You should try to go to one someday. Canaada only has 1 professional team
You should try to go to one someday. Canaada only has 1 professional team	I will try some time. Can you believe that in the 1960's bowlers were paid 2x as much as football players. A lot has changed since then. They make a lot of money now.
I will try some time. Can you believe that in the 1960's bowlers were paid 2x as much as football players. A lot has changed since then. They make a lot of money now.	Wow yes thats amazing. Dis you also knowBaseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I never knew that.
Wow yes thats amazing. Dis you also knowBaseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I never knew that.	I never knew that either. I can not recall seeing a manager ever play before but it may have happened. There is a lot I do not know about sports and sports trivia. Do you have any baseball card? That man found 3million dollars of old cards, wow!!!
I never knew that either. I can not recall seeing a manager ever play before but it may have happened. There is a lot I do not know about sports and sports trivia. Do you have any baseball card? That man found 3million dollars of old cards, wow!!!	LOL I am not sure if its happened or not. I wish i could run into something worth a lot of money. I hope for that.
LOL I am not sure if its happened or not. I wish i could run into something worth a lot of money. I hope for that.	Yes I do too. I find old things at times but they are never worth any thing at all. Wish my grandfather had saved his baseball cards. So is American and Canadian football the same?
Yes I do too. I find old things at times but they are never worth any thing at all. Wish my grandfather had saved his baseball cards. So is American and Canadian football the same?	No not really. I am learning though. Do you like soccer?
No not really. I am learning though. Do you like soccer?	Nothing about Soccer in the articles. Do not know anything about it. Did you know that Baseball was popular in Japan?
Nothing about Soccer in the articles. Do not know anything about it. Did you know that Baseball was popular in Japan?	Thats interesting. Sorry my mistake. What else do u know?
Thats interesting. Sorry my mistake. What else do u know?	I see that many people think the quarterbacks are the the leader of the offensive team. I guess they do a lot in a game.
I see that many people think the quarterbacks are the the leader of the offensive team. I guess they do a lot in a game.	Yea each member definately The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play, and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes. So
Yea each member definately The quarterback also touches the ball on almost every offensive play, and is the offensive player that almost always throws forward passes. So	Did you know who Kyler Murray was before reading the article? I never heard of him. I am so out of touch with some things.
Did you know who Kyler Murray was before reading the article? I never heard of him. I am so out of touch with some things.	Nope lol and I still am not sure, I did not read that part either. It has been good talking to you.
Nope lol and I still am not sure, I did not read that part either. It has been good talking to you.	I enjoyed taking to you and learning some sport trivia and facts.
I enjoyed taking to you and learning some sport trivia and facts.	Merry christmas
Merry christmas	hey there can you guess the 3 richest presidents in history?
hey there can you guess the 3 richest presidents in history?	I can they are jfk, washington, and jefferson. Did you know that until 1805 in the U.S. the runner up in a presidential election became the vice president.
I can they are jfk, washington, and jefferson. Did you know that until 1805 in the U.S. the runner up in a presidential election became the vice president.	haha didn't know that, imagine VP Hillary right now! there would be even more drama! kind of happy thats not that case still
haha didn't know that, imagine VP Hillary right now! there would be even more drama! kind of happy thats not that case still	That's probably why that's not how things work anymore. I think that Hilary would have kept Trump maybe a little more in line. Speaking of Trump though did you hear that he made up how many people watched his State of the Union address.
That's probably why that's not how things work anymore. I think that Hilary would have kept Trump maybe a little more in line. Speaking of Trump though did you hear that he made up how many people watched his State of the Union address.	ah yeah I did hear that, I'm also shocked that he lives in teh White House and not the Guest house, the Guest house is apparently bigger!
ah yeah I did hear that, I'm also shocked that he lives in teh White House and not the Guest house, the Guest house is apparently bigger!	That is a strange, but true fact. Apparently he has been making up numbers for all sorts of things. Back in 2010 he made up numbers for how well The Apprentice was doing.
That is a strange, but true fact. Apparently he has been making up numbers for all sorts of things. Back in 2010 he made up numbers for how well The Apprentice was doing.	ah I see, do you watch a lot of tv? I used to watch Pokemon as a kid
ah I see, do you watch a lot of tv? I used to watch Pokemon as a kid	I watch a fair share and pokemon is a show that my children love. Did you know that there is over 750 episodes of pokemon.
I watch a fair share and pokemon is a show that my children love. Did you know that there is over 750 episodes of pokemon.	thats crazy! Even if I watched 50 a year for 16 years Id probably never catch em all! haha
thats crazy! Even if I watched 50 a year for 16 years Id probably never catch em all! haha	Very clever. Another animated show that I used to watch as a kid was the Simpsons. I can't believe there has been one episode where Bart wasn't in it and wasn't even mentioned.
Very clever. Another animated show that I used to watch as a kid was the Simpsons. I can't believe there has been one episode where Bart wasn't in it and wasn't even mentioned.	no that is shocking, did you watch that South Park Episode where they roasted Family Guy?
no that is shocking, did you watch that South Park Episode where they roasted Family Guy?	That is crazy, but what is crazier is that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers.
That is crazy, but what is crazier is that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers.	haha ya, lets just say South park did a great job, their analysis was spot on haha
haha ya, lets just say South park did a great job, their analysis was spot on haha	That was definitely spot on unlike that 70's show remake days like these that was cancelled after only 10 episodes.
That was definitely spot on unlike that 70's show remake days like these that was cancelled after only 10 episodes.	yup, I guess humor is different across theh pond, do you like Robin Williams at all?
yup, I guess humor is different across theh pond, do you like Robin Williams at all?	Who doesn't he was such an amazing actor. Another amazing actor though is Alec Baldwin and he narrated some Thomas the Tank episodes which is really cool.
Who doesn't he was such an amazing actor. Another amazing actor though is Alec Baldwin and he narrated some Thomas the Tank episodes which is really cool.	that is cool, I don't know about Ringo Starr, I'm not sure why they had him narrate I don't even know what he sounds like
that is cool, I don't know about Ringo Starr, I'm not sure why they had him narrate I don't even know what he sounds like	I agree I'm not sure how he would sound, but he did act in a movie called Caveman so I'm guessing he made a decent Thomas the Train.
I agree I'm not sure how he would sound, but he did act in a movie called Caveman so I'm guessing he made a decent Thomas the Train.	ah I see I'll have to look at that, do you think any of them got to go to the secret celebrity room at PIxar studios?
ah I see I'll have to look at that, do you think any of them got to go to the secret celebrity room at PIxar studios?	Maybe not them, but probably Robin Williams. It's crazy that Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated movies.
Maybe not them, but probably Robin Williams. It's crazy that Robin Williams was the first actor to start the trend of celebrities performing voices in animated movies.	ya he kicked off a trend thats for sure, did you know Judge Judy makes 120k an episode, now there is a job I want!
ya he kicked off a trend thats for sure, did you know Judge Judy makes 120k an episode, now there is a job I want!	That is crazy, but it's probably not easy to get into doing that. It's probably easier to just become a regular judge. I can't believe that she's one of the highest paid celebrities.
That is crazy, but it's probably not easy to get into doing that. It's probably easier to just become a regular judge. I can't believe that she's one of the highest paid celebrities.	no me neither, only second to Lebron James apparently
no me neither, only second to Lebron James apparently	Hey how's it going? What are your thoughts on the Trump administration so far? He definitely may go down as one of the wealthiest. The top 3 wealthiest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
Hey how's it going? What are your thoughts on the Trump administration so far? He definitely may go down as one of the wealthiest. The top 3 wealthiest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	It is hard for me to imagine any president to be richer than Trump, but I guess adjusted for inflation, Washington and Jefferson are right up there
It is hard for me to imagine any president to be richer than Trump, but I guess adjusted for inflation, Washington and Jefferson are right up there	Yeah true. At least Trump isn't a pop artist. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office lol.
Yeah true. At least Trump isn't a pop artist. The president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office lol.	That is some serious multitasking. Of course some countries the president really does not have much power. More ceremonial
That is some serious multitasking. Of course some countries the president really does not have much power. More ceremonial	True. Kind of like the king/queen of england. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana, I wonder why?
True. Kind of like the king/queen of england. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana, I wonder why?	Maybe he liked bananas. Or maybe he was tall and skinny
Maybe he liked bananas. Or maybe he was tall and skinny	haha yes maybe. Do you watch a lot of tv? South Park was a funny show for me. It seems like the South Park creators and the Simpsons crew were all pretty close.
haha yes maybe. Do you watch a lot of tv? South Park was a funny show for me. It seems like the South Park creators and the Simpsons crew were all pretty close.	I imagine there is a mutual respect. Both shows have been on the air for multiple decades.
I imagine there is a mutual respect. Both shows have been on the air for multiple decades.	Yes very true. I always thought it would be nice to be a celebrity. Make so much money. Judge Judy makes 123,000 per episode!
Yes very true. I always thought it would be nice to be a celebrity. Make so much money. Judge Judy makes 123,000 per episode!	Wow, that is impressive. I wonder how many episodes she makes per year. I know the Big Bang Theory cast makes around 1 million per show
Wow, that is impressive. I wonder how many episodes she makes per year. I know the Big Bang Theory cast makes around 1 million per show	Holy cow that must be nice. It is always sad when celebrities commit suicide like Robin Williams. He did the genie voice in Aladdin and was the first actor to do that!
Holy cow that must be nice. It is always sad when celebrities commit suicide like Robin Williams. He did the genie voice in Aladdin and was the first actor to do that!	Man, I miss Robin Williams. Watching the trailer for the Will Smith version of Aladdin was so disappointing. He looked like a smurf on steroids.
Man, I miss Robin Williams. Watching the trailer for the Will Smith version of Aladdin was so disappointing. He looked like a smurf on steroids.	Same. I agree so weird! Hopefully they won't ruin it. Pixar studios has a secret room only for celebrities. I wonder whats inside.
Same. I agree so weird! Hopefully they won't ruin it. Pixar studios has a secret room only for celebrities. I wonder whats inside.	Maybe sneak peaks of new pixar movies. Or just lots of Buzz Lightyear toys.
Maybe sneak peaks of new pixar movies. Or just lots of Buzz Lightyear toys.	Yeah I bet you're right. It is odd how so much money and wealth some countries have. Whereas in others they are so poor. An Ethiopian celebrity chef believes he can combat world hunger. I hope so!
Yeah I bet you're right. It is odd how so much money and wealth some countries have. Whereas in others they are so poor. An Ethiopian celebrity chef believes he can combat world hunger. I hope so!	I bet people in Ethiopia have to be more creative with food. They have to find a way to make all their food last and not be wasteful.
I bet people in Ethiopia have to be more creative with food. They have to find a way to make all their food last and not be wasteful.	Yes, use every bit of it. I love when celebrities try and do good. Carol Burnette was the first celebrity to appear on the childrens series Sesame Street.
Yes, use every bit of it. I love when celebrities try and do good. Carol Burnette was the first celebrity to appear on the childrens series Sesame Street.	I love Carol Burnett. I bet she had a great time goofing off with Elmo and Big Bird.
I love Carol Burnett. I bet she had a great time goofing off with Elmo and Big Bird.	haha yes I bet she did. I wonder how different our world would be if we didn't associate celebrities with wealth?
haha yes I bet she did. I wonder how different our world would be if we didn't associate celebrities with wealth?	Then they probably would not be celebrities. They would just be regular people
Then they probably would not be celebrities. They would just be regular people	Yeah I think our society would be a lot different if we didn't put so much importance on these people. I think it would be good to focus on other things like ending world hunger.
Yeah I think our society would be a lot different if we didn't put so much importance on these people. I think it would be good to focus on other things like ending world hunger.	Some celebrities use their wealth and fame to support worthwhile causes.
Some celebrities use their wealth and fame to support worthwhile causes.	Are you a fan of Trump?
Are you a fan of Trump?	Hi! I certainly can't believe he isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time as that was Jefferson, Washington and JFK. What about you?
Hi! I certainly can't believe he isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time as that was Jefferson, Washington and JFK. What about you?	Not at all but i do believe jfk was one of the wealthiest, his family comes from money.
Not at all but i do believe jfk was one of the wealthiest, his family comes from money.	Agreed. Since we're on the subject of presidents, can you believe that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
Agreed. Since we're on the subject of presidents, can you believe that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?	I know,how about the president of Indonesia having not 1 but 3 pop albums?
I know,how about the president of Indonesia having not 1 but 3 pop albums?	He must be onr popular musician, right? And here in America, the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
He must be onr popular musician, right? And here in America, the president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. I didn't even know the president had a guest house!	Why in the world would it be bigger than the actual white house though, you know? Can you see Hillary and Trump in the white house together? there was a rule in 1805 that required it.
Why in the world would it be bigger than the actual white house though, you know? Can you see Hillary and Trump in the white house together? there was a rule in 1805 that required it.	There would be sheer chaos if that rule was still in place considering how divided the country is. It would be like a living South Park episode. Speaking of South Park, are you a fan? I love how the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!
There would be sheer chaos if that rule was still in place considering how divided the country is. It would be like a living South Park episode. Speaking of South Park, are you a fan? I love how the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired the Family Guy episode. That was nice of them!	I must not watch it enough because when i heard that they did that i thought they were bring flowers to the funeral of the show, lol!
I must not watch it enough because when i heard that they did that i thought they were bring flowers to the funeral of the show, lol!	Ha! That's hilarious. Do you watch The Simpson's at all? There's actually one episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see! I do bet it's weird never seeing Bart at all!
Ha! That's hilarious. Do you watch The Simpson's at all? There's actually one episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see! I do bet it's weird never seeing Bart at all!	Yeah that would have been weird since they never mentioned him. Still can't compare to 750 episodes of pokeman.
Yeah that would have been weird since they never mentioned him. Still can't compare to 750 episodes of pokeman.	No kidding. 750 episodes and yet, the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. That's kind of sad, really.
No kidding. 750 episodes and yet, the UK remake of 70s Show lasted only ten episodes. That's kind of sad, really.	It is but nobody does it like we do! Apparently there was a few celebrities that narrated Thomas the tank engine.
It is but nobody does it like we do! Apparently there was a few celebrities that narrated Thomas the tank engine.	Oh yeah! It was Alec Baldwin, Ringo Starr and George Carlin! They each narrated at least 52 episodes! I kind of want to go back and rewatch it just to see if I recognize their voices. Ha!
Oh yeah! It was Alec Baldwin, Ringo Starr and George Carlin! They each narrated at least 52 episodes! I kind of want to go back and rewatch it just to see if I recognize their voices. Ha!	Right! Do you know about Pixar's secrete room?
Right! Do you know about Pixar's secrete room?	I've heard that it's often visited by celebrities. It's too bad we'll probably never see that room unless we miraculously become celebrities somehow. Ha!
I've heard that it's often visited by celebrities. It's too bad we'll probably never see that room unless we miraculously become celebrities somehow. Ha!	Honestly i'm not sure i want to see it, that sounds to weird. No telling what they are worshiping down there.
Honestly i'm not sure i want to see it, that sounds to weird. No telling what they are worshiping down there.	You are right about that! Well speaking of celebrities, I never knew until recently that the first celebrity that appeared in Sesame Street was Carol Burnett! I'd like to see that episode now!
You are right about that! Well speaking of celebrities, I never knew until recently that the first celebrity that appeared in Sesame Street was Carol Burnett! I'd like to see that episode now!	Wow i love Carol, she was in a movie called Annie. Times have certainly changed.
Wow i love Carol, she was in a movie called Annie. Times have certainly changed.	Indeed it has! Can you also believe Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity behind LeBron, making $123k per episode? That is shocking!
Indeed it has! Can you also believe Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity behind LeBron, making $123k per episode? That is shocking!	Wow but she is funny! Celebrity status is usually associated with money. Do you think that's true?
Wow but she is funny! Celebrity status is usually associated with money. Do you think that's true?	I would say wealth along with fame, media attention, lifestyle and even controversial actions! But fame often provides chances to earn revenue, to be honest. Well, it was great chatting with you today! Have a great evening, friend!
I would say wealth along with fame, media attention, lifestyle and even controversial actions! But fame often provides chances to earn revenue, to be honest. Well, it was great chatting with you today! Have a great evening, friend!	You too my friend, don't go to Pixar secrete room, lol.
You too my friend, don't go to Pixar secrete room, lol.	Ha! Maybe if we ever get famous, we can! But I'd stick to combating hunger problems in Ethiopia similar to the celebrity chef who believes encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods can end hunger over there. Ha! Take care, friend!
Ha! Maybe if we ever get famous, we can! But I'd stick to combating hunger problems in Ethiopia similar to the celebrity chef who believes encouraging everyone to eat more diverse foods can end hunger over there. Ha! Take care, friend!	Do you know much about the president or have any interesting facts?
Do you know much about the president or have any interesting facts?	I know the top three wealthiest presidents were Washington, Jefferson and JFK.
I know the top three wealthiest presidents were Washington, Jefferson and JFK.	Nice. I wonder if Trump is now part of that list?
Nice. I wonder if Trump is now part of that list?	I'd bet not. Doubt he has that much in liquid assets. But maybe he could build his wealth by releasing some pop albums, like the president of Indonesia!
I'd bet not. Doubt he has that much in liquid assets. But maybe he could build his wealth by releasing some pop albums, like the president of Indonesia!	Really? lol Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president!
Really? lol Up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became the vice president!	That would be a nightmare nowadays. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump sharing the White House? Haha.
That would be a nightmare nowadays. Can you imagine Hillary and Trump sharing the White House? Haha.	haha Be good entertainment. lol The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. lol
haha Be good entertainment. lol The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. lol	I wonder if that was his given name? The president's guest house is larger than the actual White House. That's sorta crazy. I guess they probably host a lot of people at a time.
I wonder if that was his given name? The president's guest house is larger than the actual White House. That's sorta crazy. I guess they probably host a lot of people at a time.	I bet you're right. Do you watch a lot of television?
I bet you're right. Do you watch a lot of television?	Yeah, too much probably. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's close to 50 episodes a year for 16 years!
Yeah, too much probably. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon? That's close to 50 episodes a year for 16 years!	I believe it as much kids have been watching it for about that long. lol
I believe it as much kids have been watching it for about that long. lol	True! There is only one episode of The Simpsons without Bart in it. Wonder which one it is?
True! There is only one episode of The Simpsons without Bart in it. Wonder which one it is?	We'll have to look it up. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?
We'll have to look it up. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank?	No, but my kids did. I remember it having a lot of guest narrators.
No, but my kids did. I remember it having a lot of guest narrators.	Yes. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each.
Yes. Ringo Starr, George Carlin and Alec Baldwin have narrated Thomas for at least 52 episodes each.	That's really cool. In England, they made a verbatim remake of That 70's Show. Seems like a lot of jokes would get lost in translation.
That's really cool. In England, they made a verbatim remake of That 70's Show. Seems like a lot of jokes would get lost in translation.	I think I've heard of that show. It was called "Days Like These"
I think I've heard of that show. It was called "Days Like These"	Ah, probably why it was canceled after 10 episodes. Haha.
Ah, probably why it was canceled after 10 episodes. Haha.	Yes! lol Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street?
Yes! lol Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity to appear on Sesame Street?	That's cool. Wonder what year that was? I started watching around 1976 when I was 1 or 2. Robin Williams was the first celebrity to be in a Disney animated movie, which set the trend.
That's cool. Wonder what year that was? I started watching around 1976 when I was 1 or 2. Robin Williams was the first celebrity to be in a Disney animated movie, which set the trend.	I'm not sure what year. I grew up in the 70s too. That must have been when did Aladdin? It was nice chatting with you!
I'm not sure what year. I grew up in the 70s too. That must have been when did Aladdin? It was nice chatting with you!	Hi, do you know much about presidents?
Hi, do you know much about presidents?	No not really, I dont follow politics much, do you have any cool facts you would like to share with me?
No not really, I dont follow politics much, do you have any cool facts you would like to share with me?	The president of Indonesia is not just that but also a pop star
The president of Indonesia is not just that but also a pop star	Is he really? a pop star? it would be fun to watch Trump become a rockstar or a pop star, I would pay to see that
Is he really? a pop star? it would be fun to watch Trump become a rockstar or a pop star, I would pay to see that	Hahaha I know. Yeah the guy has already released three albums
Hahaha I know. Yeah the guy has already released three albums	three albums wow, he must be really talented, Guatemala has a rule against family of former presidents running for office, what are your thoughts on this law?
three albums wow, he must be really talented, Guatemala has a rule against family of former presidents running for office, what are your thoughts on this law?	I am not sure, in one hand it prevents nepotism but on the other hand might deny someone really talented
I am not sure, in one hand it prevents nepotism but on the other hand might deny someone really talented	I think that this law can prevent authoritarian regimes so it has a plus side as well
I think that this law can prevent authoritarian regimes so it has a plus side as well	Yeah that is true for sure. Do you know how the vice president used to be elected?
Yeah that is true for sure. Do you know how the vice president used to be elected?	No not really? how did the vice president used to get elected?
No not really? how did the vice president used to get elected?	It was just the runner up. If that applied now, Clinton would be holding that position
It was just the runner up. If that applied now, Clinton would be holding that position	Thank God the system is different now, there would be so much trouble in the White House, fights every day
Thank God the system is different now, there would be so much trouble in the White House, fights every day	yup pretty much. On another topic, do you watch nfl?
yup pretty much. On another topic, do you watch nfl?	I do, I love football, do you have a favorite team?
I do, I love football, do you have a favorite team?	I do not but just watch the games sometimes. Did you know women can play too?
I do not but just watch the games sometimes. Did you know women can play too?	I didnt know that! so a woman can actually step in a Superbowl game, that would be interesting to watch
I didnt know that! so a woman can actually step in a Superbowl game, that would be interesting to watch	I think it would be interesting too, would like to see that. I am sure they can last the whole 11 minutes of game play
I think it would be interesting too, would like to see that. I am sure they can last the whole 11 minutes of game play	Who knows, it might be a game changer, the first NFL playoff game was played back in the year 1932, its been a long time since then
Who knows, it might be a game changer, the first NFL playoff game was played back in the year 1932, its been a long time since then	It sure has. Still though, engineers seems to make in their lifetime more than football players
It sure has. Still though, engineers seems to make in their lifetime more than football players	That seems like an odd fact, football players make a lot of money, they are crazy rich
That seems like an odd fact, football players make a lot of money, they are crazy rich	Yeah but I guess their careers are shorter too so maybe that levels it. Nice chat.
Yeah but I guess their careers are shorter too so maybe that levels it. Nice chat.	Did you know that John F. Kennedy was the wealthiest president?
Did you know that John F. Kennedy was the wealthiest president?	Yeah along with Jefferson and Washington, well taking into account inflation
Yeah along with Jefferson and Washington, well taking into account inflation	I wonder where the current president would rank on wealthlies list.
I wonder where the current president would rank on wealthlies list.	I am not sure about that actually. DId you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
I am not sure about that actually. DId you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	No, i did not. I guess our country is not the only one who has a president with a unique background.
No, i did not. I guess our country is not the only one who has a president with a unique background.	Yeah that is true. This guys has already release 3 albums
Yeah that is true. This guys has already release 3 albums	I am a big football fan but i did not realize the average NFL games has only 11 minutes of live action.
I am a big football fan but i did not realize the average NFL games has only 11 minutes of live action.	Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for so long. Did you know women can play too?
Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for so long. Did you know women can play too?	Wow! are there any special restriction for woman playing in the NFL?
Wow! are there any special restriction for woman playing in the NFL?	Not that I know if, as long as you make the cut I guess you can play
Not that I know if, as long as you make the cut I guess you can play	Do you think it is stupid that Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a Saint player comes in?
Do you think it is stupid that Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a Saint player comes in?	I find that so strange and sexist, they need to get rid of that rule
I find that so strange and sexist, they need to get rid of that rule	I agree. Here's a strange fact: kicking is legal in volleyball.
I agree. Here's a strange fact: kicking is legal in volleyball.	Yeah I used to play in high school and we were allowed to do that.Do you know where it was invented?
Yeah I used to play in high school and we were allowed to do that.Do you know where it was invented?	Not sure, I would guess In America
Not sure, I would guess In America	Yes at the YMCA, along with basketball
Yes at the YMCA, along with basketball	That makes sense as they both can be played on the same court. I believe the women's net in volleyball is a little lower than the men's.
That makes sense as they both can be played on the same court. I believe the women's net in volleyball is a little lower than the men's.	Yeah. Fedex once returned a volleyball that had washed up after the tsunami in Japan
Yeah. Fedex once returned a volleyball that had washed up after the tsunami in Japan	Interesting, I wonder where that ball washed up exactly, Hawaii, perhaps?
Interesting, I wonder where that ball washed up exactly, Hawaii, perhaps?	Maybe, I really have no idea. Did you know engineers make more in the lifetime than football players?
Maybe, I really have no idea. Did you know engineers make more in the lifetime than football players?	That didn't see right until i realized some football players aren't paid a ransom and engineers have a much longer career than football players
That didn't see right until i realized some football players aren't paid a ransom and engineers have a much longer career than football players	Yes I think that is what helps them earn more. Nice chatting with you :)
Yes I think that is what helps them earn more. Nice chatting with you :)	Do you like the brand Nike?
Do you like the brand Nike?	I do. There was a big stand against them with the football player Colin Kaepernick. Do you?
I do. There was a big stand against them with the football player Colin Kaepernick. Do you?	I like the brand, I think that Nike took the right stand, police shootings is a oncerning matter
I like the brand, I think that Nike took the right stand, police shootings is a oncerning matter	It really is. I think some people took the message wrong. Sales spiked days after the ad was made
It really is. I think some people took the message wrong. Sales spiked days after the ad was made	I think it back fired, Truett McConnel University will no longer offer Nike products in the campus store, and Im guessin its not the only college or institution to do that
I think it back fired, Truett McConnel University will no longer offer Nike products in the campus store, and Im guessin its not the only college or institution to do that	I'm sure your right. The northern Georgia community of Cleveland doesn't off them anymore either
I'm sure your right. The northern Georgia community of Cleveland doesn't off them anymore either	Also the College of Ozarks it seems like many people have opposing views and dont agree with Kaepernick and with nike,
Also the College of Ozarks it seems like many people have opposing views and dont agree with Kaepernick and with nike,	Yes the volleyball team even switched to gray t-shirts until replacements came in
Yes the volleyball team even switched to gray t-shirts until replacements came in	Theres also a bright side to this campaing and its that online sales spiked so its hard to analyze if it was a good marketing strategy
Theres also a bright side to this campaing and its that online sales spiked so its hard to analyze if it was a good marketing strategy	TMU wants Nike to the law enforcement.
TMU wants Nike to the law enforcement.	I think its a raise to awareness many people are taking it out of context, players have the right to protest as well I dont agree with TMU, its freedom of speech
I think its a raise to awareness many people are taking it out of context, players have the right to protest as well I dont agree with TMU, its freedom of speech	Speaking of freedom of speech. Do you watch allot of the presidential stuff
Speaking of freedom of speech. Do you watch allot of the presidential stuff	I do, I think its important to keep updated on current events like what the president is up to and all
I do, I think its important to keep updated on current events like what the president is up to and all	Did you know the only president to have a PhD was Wilson
Did you know the only president to have a PhD was Wilson	I did not know that, Wilson was pretty smart, he was a great leader, Trump has a guest house that is bigger than the white house, thats an interesting fact
I did not know that, Wilson was pretty smart, he was a great leader, Trump has a guest house that is bigger than the white house, thats an interesting fact	That has to be huge. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.
That has to be huge. 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.	Trump was one of them that is a sure thing, the first president of Zimbawe had a really funny name
Trump was one of them that is a sure thing, the first president of Zimbawe had a really funny name	What was the name? President Lincoln was the first president to be photographed.
What was the name? President Lincoln was the first president to be photographed.	Canaan Banana, and was he? Lincoln is one of my favorite presidents, too bad Booth killed him in a cowardly way
Canaan Banana, and was he? Lincoln is one of my favorite presidents, too bad Booth killed him in a cowardly way	Yes booth was in the picture that he was photographed in!
Yes booth was in the picture that he was photographed in!	That is crazy! having a photo with your killer,
That is crazy! having a photo with your killer,	Hi, how are you doing? Do you like to watch football on the TV?
Hi, how are you doing? Do you like to watch football on the TV?	Of course I do, yeah, what about you?
Of course I do, yeah, what about you?	I do not get the chance to watch much. I like to watch around the playoffs.
I do not get the chance to watch much. I like to watch around the playoffs.	I see, well the playoffs are the most exciting games, 32 teams 2 divisions and the Patriots seem to get to the Superbowl every year
I see, well the playoffs are the most exciting games, 32 teams 2 divisions and the Patriots seem to get to the Superbowl every year	The Patriots. Do they cheat a lot? How do they win all the time?
The Patriots. Do they cheat a lot? How do they win all the time?	They just have a great coach and a legendary coach, both are the pillars of that team
They just have a great coach and a legendary coach, both are the pillars of that team	Who is the coach? I guess he must be a shrewd tactician to win every year.
Who is the coach? I guess he must be a shrewd tactician to win every year.	Bill Belichick is his name and yeah he is a really smart man, the QB is legendary as well
Bill Belichick is his name and yeah he is a really smart man, the QB is legendary as well	The QB is the most important player, as far as I know. Who is this QB?
The QB is the most important player, as far as I know. Who is this QB?	The QB is Tom Brady, and yeah I agree, the QB has a great responsibility
The QB is Tom Brady, and yeah I agree, the QB has a great responsibility	The QB must get paid a lot of money. Is Tom Brady the highest paid player on the team?
The QB must get paid a lot of money. Is Tom Brady the highest paid player on the team?	I bet he is, he is the MVP of the team and they know it so it seems fair to compensate him properly
I bet he is, he is the MVP of the team and they know it so it seems fair to compensate him properly	That's good. It is a dangerous job to be QB. I figure he needs money for his life after football.
That's good. It is a dangerous job to be QB. I figure he needs money for his life after football.	Well his wife earns more money than him so I guess he is set for life
Well his wife earns more money than him so I guess he is set for life	Wow, she must be an amazing QB! What team does she play for?
Wow, she must be an amazing QB! What team does she play for?	Shes not a QB lol, shes a model, or was a model, although there are no rules against females playing the game, maybe she is as skilled as Brady
Shes not a QB lol, shes a model, or was a model, although there are no rules against females playing the game, maybe she is as skilled as Brady	Perhaps Brady should have become a model. There is more money in it, and it is not dangerous.
Perhaps Brady should have become a model. There is more money in it, and it is not dangerous.	I agree football is a career with many hazards, brain damage, injuries,
I agree football is a career with many hazards, brain damage, injuries,	Yes, it is a dangerous game. Anyway, I have enjoyed chatting immensely! Thank you for your teachings on the football!
Yes, it is a dangerous game. Anyway, I have enjoyed chatting immensely! Thank you for your teachings on the football!	I love the game, hope things get better for players though
I love the game, hope things get better for players though	I do too. Have a glorious day!
I do too. Have a glorious day!	Have a nice day, enjoy football and Brady while they last.
Have a nice day, enjoy football and Brady while they last.	Do you own a car?
Do you own a car?	Yup I own a car and I love it. Helps me get from point a to point B. Hard to believe cars didn't always exist.
Yup I own a car and I love it. Helps me get from point a to point B. Hard to believe cars didn't always exist.	For sure, what did they do without cars lol. Do you know where the word trunk came from?
For sure, what did they do without cars lol. Do you know where the word trunk came from?	I believe it originated from the fact that cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back. Kind of funny to imagine.
I believe it originated from the fact that cars used to have actual wooden trunks on the back. Kind of funny to imagine.	that is true, I wonder if people broke into trunks easily lol. I owned a cadillac before, have you had one?
that is true, I wonder if people broke into trunks easily lol. I owned a cadillac before, have you had one?	I bet it was super easy to break in LOL. I never have. But I think it's cool that the brand was named after the person who founded Detroit.
I bet it was super easy to break in LOL. I never have. But I think it's cool that the brand was named after the person who founded Detroit.	For sure, I think his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac, sounds so french!
For sure, I think his name was antoine de la mothe cadillac, sounds so french!	Sounds very French indeed. If you lived in South Africa would you put flamethrowers on your car?
Sounds very French indeed. If you lived in South Africa would you put flamethrowers on your car?	I would totally! If i wanted a death warrant! lol
I would totally! If i wanted a death warrant! lol	Ha ha. It is actually legal there because it helps the deter carjackings.
Ha ha. It is actually legal there because it helps the deter carjackings.	They should make that a thing everywhere if they make it safe enough! Do you ever go to the mcdonalds drive thru
They should make that a thing everywhere if they make it safe enough! Do you ever go to the mcdonalds drive thru	Yes and other restaurants too. I think it's cool that the drive-through originated to accommodate soldiers who are not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.
Yes and other restaurants too. I think it's cool that the drive-through originated to accommodate soldiers who are not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues.	Right, that is some good respect for them and definitely helped with business. Do you like our current president?
Right, that is some good respect for them and definitely helped with business. Do you like our current president?	I think he has done some good things and some bad things. He is definitely one of the wealthiest president and think he will lead JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, in terms of wealth.
I think he has done some good things and some bad things. He is definitely one of the wealthiest president and think he will lead JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, in terms of wealth.	yea, if only he will release how much he is really worth lol. He has done some good things I will agree. He needs to release a pop album like the president of indonesia, then everyone will love him!
yea, if only he will release how much he is really worth lol. He has done some good things I will agree. He needs to release a pop album like the president of indonesia, then everyone will love him!	That would be epic! I also wonder why the presidents guest house is larger than the White House?
That would be epic! I also wonder why the presidents guest house is larger than the White House?	I heard that before, I wonder if it is to make a good impression for the guests from other countries
I heard that before, I wonder if it is to make a good impression for the guests from other countries	You could be right on that one. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana LOL!
You could be right on that one. The first president of Zimbabwe was called president banana LOL!	I don't know how I feel about that lol. It was so nice chatting with you!
I don't know how I feel about that lol. It was so nice chatting with you!	Haha that is surprisingly fitting. Luckily the runner up doesn't become the vice these day otherwise it would be Trump-Clinton! Great talking with you too bye!
Haha that is surprisingly fitting. Luckily the runner up doesn't become the vice these day otherwise it would be Trump-Clinton! Great talking with you too bye!	Yikes that would have to be a reality show lol! Have a good weekend!
Yikes that would have to be a reality show lol! Have a good weekend!	Hello, do you own a car?
Hello, do you own a car?	I've had one for a couple years.
I've had one for a couple years.	Same, although my car was second hand. What about your car?
Same, although my car was second hand. What about your car?	I got a decent minivan right now but have been meaning to get a cadillac.
I got a decent minivan right now but have been meaning to get a cadillac.	Ah, I just have your standard canary. It is legal in south Africa to equip your car with a flame throw. Insane right?
Ah, I just have your standard canary. It is legal in south Africa to equip your car with a flame throw. Insane right?	That's crazy, you know the brand cadillac that I want to buy? It was named after a french explorer!
That's crazy, you know the brand cadillac that I want to buy? It was named after a french explorer!	Really? Wow, I also want a car named after me! The trunk of your called is called a trunk because old cars used to attach wooden trunks onto the back of them.
Really? Wow, I also want a car named after me! The trunk of your called is called a trunk because old cars used to attach wooden trunks onto the back of them.	Did you find all these facts on the internet? There are tons of information there.
Did you find all these facts on the internet? There are tons of information there.	I do, the world wide web! Google is the largest search engine followed by youtube.
I do, the world wide web! Google is the largest search engine followed by youtube.	It's crazy to think that this all started in the early 1990s.
It's crazy to think that this all started in the early 1990s.	Yep. The three horizontal lines on the menu of apps are called the hamburger button.
Yep. The three horizontal lines on the menu of apps are called the hamburger button.	Speaking of hamburgers, did you hear America's most recent president bought burgers for a college football team.
Speaking of hamburgers, did you hear America's most recent president bought burgers for a college football team.	And..... That would be Trump. I heard that Trump loves burgers and consumes up to 12 diet cokes a day!
And..... That would be Trump. I heard that Trump loves burgers and consumes up to 12 diet cokes a day!	There was a president called president banana once, I wonder if he liked diet coke.
There was a president called president banana once, I wonder if he liked diet coke.	Ah, yeah, the first president of Zimbabwe. Who knows?
Ah, yeah, the first president of Zimbabwe. Who knows?	I don't know, but lots of presidents have weird facts, like the president of Indonesia that released 3 albums while in office.
I don't know, but lots of presidents have weird facts, like the president of Indonesia that released 3 albums while in office.	Yes, he must have been very good at multitasking. The wealthiest US president is no longer JFK, but is now Trump.
Yes, he must have been very good at multitasking. The wealthiest US president is no longer JFK, but is now Trump.	Oh really, he should do something about the white house's size. The guest house is bigger than it.
Oh really, he should do something about the white house's size. The guest house is bigger than it.	Are you a republican or a democrat? I normally vote for whichever president gives best economic reforms.
Are you a republican or a democrat? I normally vote for whichever president gives best economic reforms.	Based on what I saw on the internet, I think I align with democrats more.
Based on what I saw on the internet, I think I align with democrats more.	Ah, same with me, although I also do sometimes vote for the republicans.
Ah, same with me, although I also do sometimes vote for the republicans.	I respect your opinion even though I have different views. Have a nice day!
I respect your opinion even though I have different views. Have a nice day!	Hi there! Do you use the internet a lot?
Hi there! Do you use the internet a lot?	Haha-only just about all day every day.
Haha-only just about all day every day.	Same here! Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?
Same here! Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?	I did not. So weird. I know that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain.
I did not. So weird. I know that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction measurable in the brain.	oh oh...I might have that then. lol
oh oh...I might have that then. lol	Ohh, me too! I find it funny that only 7% of people read the full terms and conditions when buying a product or service on the internet.
Ohh, me too! I find it funny that only 7% of people read the full terms and conditions when buying a product or service on the internet.	I think I've been guilty of that a few times as well when I've bought some small things like dvds, cds, etc. from Amazon. There is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest. They're getting it everywhere now.
I think I've been guilty of that a few times as well when I've bought some small things like dvds, cds, etc. from Amazon. There is 3g cell service and internet at the peak of Mt. Everest. They're getting it everywhere now.	I'm sure I'm in the same boat. I would not have guessed service was so vast. The current library of Alexandria has saved a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down!
I'm sure I'm in the same boat. I would not have guessed service was so vast. The current library of Alexandria has saved a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down!	That's good they have a backup plan. lol Do you know a lot about cars?
That's good they have a backup plan. lol Do you know a lot about cars?	I LOVE cars! The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when Karl Benz patented his Benz.
I LOVE cars! The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when Karl Benz patented his Benz.	Nice! I didn't realize they came out that early. I wonder when cars first became available to average ordinary every day people?
Nice! I didn't realize they came out that early. I wonder when cars first became available to average ordinary every day people?	I think cars came into global use during the 20th century. One of the first widely available was the 1908 Model T.
I think cars came into global use during the 20th century. One of the first widely available was the 1908 Model T.	Nice! I do know that the trunks of cars are called that because in the old days cars used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them.
Nice! I do know that the trunks of cars are called that because in the old days cars used to carry wooden trunks on the back of them.	That is really cool! I can't imagine trying to get groceries and things into a wooden trunk!
That is really cool! I can't imagine trying to get groceries and things into a wooden trunk!	I know! lol Did you know that the Cadillac was named after the French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac? He was also the founder of Detroit.
I know! lol Did you know that the Cadillac was named after the French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac? He was also the founder of Detroit.	No I did not. I do like Cadillac. Did you know McDonald's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while in fatigues?
No I did not. I do like Cadillac. Did you know McDonald's added the drive thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while in fatigues?	Interesting. I wondered when they added those. I was surprised to see what McDonalds used to look like in that movie called the Founder.
Interesting. I wondered when they added those. I was surprised to see what McDonalds used to look like in that movie called the Founder.	I don't think I've seen that movie. Is it about people in the Army?
I don't think I've seen that movie. Is it about people in the Army?	No. It stars Michael Keaton and is about the founder of McDonalds. He kind of stole the company out from the 2 brothers who created it. He actually paid them a good price for it. Just basically they weren't smart businessmen and got ripped off. Michael Keaton's character turned into a mega company. Do you follow presidential history?
No. It stars Michael Keaton and is about the founder of McDonalds. He kind of stole the company out from the 2 brothers who created it. He actually paid them a good price for it. Just basically they weren't smart businessmen and got ripped off. Michael Keaton's character turned into a mega company. Do you follow presidential history?	Oh, I wanted to go see that! Now I'll have to! I do follow Presidential history. Do you?
Oh, I wanted to go see that! Now I'll have to! I do follow Presidential history. Do you?	I do! I didn't know that the US presidents guest house was bigger than the White House! It's been fun chatting with you. Definitely see that movie. Really interesting to see McDonald's was in the early days of it.
I do! I didn't know that the US presidents guest house was bigger than the White House! It's been fun chatting with you. Definitely see that movie. Really interesting to see McDonald's was in the early days of it.	It is very interesting. Nice chatting with you as well. Bye now.
It is very interesting. Nice chatting with you as well. Bye now.	Have a good one!
Have a good one!	Do you listen to the radio?
Do you listen to the radio?	Yes, I love the old radio classics.How about you?
Yes, I love the old radio classics.How about you?	I do too, interesting fact but theres a weekly news program in latin, its been on for 30 years so it must have a lot of fans
I do too, interesting fact but theres a weekly news program in latin, its been on for 30 years so it must have a lot of fans	Oh, wow thats cool. I really like this website that plays the old classics for absolutely free. I like to that in between listening to the Canadian channel. Have you heard of it?
Oh, wow thats cool. I really like this website that plays the old classics for absolutely free. I like to that in between listening to the Canadian channel. Have you heard of it?	I havent heard of the Canadian channel, only Canadian music and news there?
I havent heard of the Canadian channel, only Canadian music and news there?	Yeah, its funny because in Canada they created a law that says 40% of the time Canadian music must be played. I listen to it sometimes for fun. Its amusing.
Yeah, its funny because in Canada they created a law that says 40% of the time Canadian music must be played. I listen to it sometimes for fun. Its amusing.	I guess thats a great law, promotes local talent and all, there is station that picks up Jupiter radio storms, its an AM frequency
I guess thats a great law, promotes local talent and all, there is station that picks up Jupiter radio storms, its an AM frequency	Noway, Jupiter storms, cool deal. I watch a lot of tv too. I like South Park and the Family Guy. Do you watch any shows like the Simpsons?
Noway, Jupiter storms, cool deal. I watch a lot of tv too. I like South Park and the Family Guy. Do you watch any shows like the Simpsons?	Yeah it must be really cool, and I do like The Simpsons, the show just makes me laugh every time,
Yeah it must be really cool, and I do like The Simpsons, the show just makes me laugh every time,	Me too. There's only one show that Bart is not on nor does he speak on it. The Simpsons crew also sent flowers to the Family Guy crew for thier finale episode. That's nice to see celebrities getting along. lol
Me too. There's only one show that Bart is not on nor does he speak on it. The Simpsons crew also sent flowers to the Family Guy crew for thier finale episode. That's nice to see celebrities getting along. lol	It is nice, both shows are really great, did you ever watch Pokemon?
It is nice, both shows are really great, did you ever watch Pokemon?	No, what is Pokemon about?
No, what is Pokemon about?	Well its a kids show about catching anymals with pokeballs, these animals are called Pokemons and then the show has duels between Pokemons and they also evolve, its actually cool
Well its a kids show about catching anymals with pokeballs, these animals are called Pokemons and then the show has duels between Pokemons and they also evolve, its actually cool	Oh, okay that sounds super cool. I like that alot! I usually watch the show Thomas the Train with my kids.lol
Oh, okay that sounds super cool. I like that alot! I usually watch the show Thomas the Train with my kids.lol	That show had great narrators, Alec Balwin, Ringo Starr, both have great voices
That show had great narrators, Alec Balwin, Ringo Starr, both have great voices	Yeah, right! That is one reason I really like that show even though its a kids cartoon. I like when famous people add voices to a show because it makes it sound more professional.
Yeah, right! That is one reason I really like that show even though its a kids cartoon. I like when famous people add voices to a show because it makes it sound more professional.	Yeah I guess little kids dont care about narrators, did you watch that 70's show?
Yeah I guess little kids dont care about narrators, did you watch that 70's show?	I have seen it a couple of times. I am a huge fan of the actors on the show but dont know much about the plot or the story line, really.
I have seen it a couple of times. I am a huge fan of the actors on the show but dont know much about the plot or the story line, really.	I see well it was a great show I think it premiered back in the year 2003, well the show was so successful the UK tried to make a remake but it was terrible
I see well it was a great show I think it premiered back in the year 2003, well the show was so successful the UK tried to make a remake but it was terrible	Noway, wow. That is funny and I like the story. I need to call someone about work. The area code is New York and the reason it is 212 is because it was the fastest to dial so they made it 212. lol
Noway, wow. That is funny and I like the story. I need to call someone about work. The area code is New York and the reason it is 212 is because it was the fastest to dial so they made it 212. lol	That sounds like a practical area code, it seemed random before the explanation but it all makes sense now.
That sounds like a practical area code, it seemed random before the explanation but it all makes sense now.	hey do you know anything about the radio?
hey do you know anything about the radio?	Hello, I know I like it! Have you heard of the Bobby Bones show?
Hello, I know I like it! Have you heard of the Bobby Bones show?	well I heard he's releasing a book, did you listen to the show?
well I heard he's releasing a book, did you listen to the show?	I have heard his morning radio show, it is the biggest country music radio show.I have only listened a couple of times. How about you?
I have heard his morning radio show, it is the biggest country music radio show.I have only listened a couple of times. How about you?	nope never herad that, I do like howard stern what bout you?
nope never herad that, I do like howard stern what bout you?	Howard stern is great! Bobby Bones is funny like Howard Stern though, he once spent 13,000 bucks on a hoax.
Howard stern is great! Bobby Bones is funny like Howard Stern though, he once spent 13,000 bucks on a hoax.	haha omg, ya and then he got a lot of pushback in the industry apparently after that
haha omg, ya and then he got a lot of pushback in the industry apparently after that	Lol, that's what I heard too. I guess he has been on Television too, besides a lot of radio and of course he's an author.
Lol, that's what I heard too. I guess he has been on Television too, besides a lot of radio and of course he's an author.	well do you listen to the radio at all btw?
well do you listen to the radio at all btw?	I do! especially while in my car. I am still trying to find an A.M station that plays the storms of jupiter, how about you?
I do! especially while in my car. I am still trying to find an A.M station that plays the storms of jupiter, how about you?	haha I want that station too! I wouldn't listen to classical latin though like they have in Finland
haha I want that station too! I wouldn't listen to classical latin though like they have in Finland	I agree lol, I wouldn't listen to that either! The radio has so much to choose from, I like a lot of genre's of music.
I agree lol, I wouldn't listen to that either! The radio has so much to choose from, I like a lot of genre's of music.	yup I agree, except for canadian music haha they require 40% of the radio to be canadian
yup I agree, except for canadian music haha they require 40% of the radio to be canadian	Really? That is interesting! I guess they want to give Canada credit for their own music. I hear there is a website that you can listen to free classic radio dramas for free
Really? That is interesting! I guess they want to give Canada credit for their own music. I hear there is a website that you can listen to free classic radio dramas for free	yes, I need to check that, do you know what a foxhole radio is?
yes, I need to check that, do you know what a foxhole radio is?	Isn't that what soldiers made in WWII?
Isn't that what soldiers made in WWII?	yup they used a pencil and razor, don't know how that works htough
yup they used a pencil and razor, don't know how that works htough	Very interesting! So do you watch TV at all?
Very interesting! So do you watch TV at all?	I do yes, I really like south park and family guy
I do yes, I really like south park and family guy	Good shows! I watch movies on TV mostly. But since I am on the telephone a lot I watch Tv on mute lol
Good shows! I watch movies on TV mostly. But since I am on the telephone a lot I watch Tv on mute lol	ya I don't blame you, do you like Pokemon?
ya I don't blame you, do you like Pokemon?	My kids love Pokemon, how about you?
My kids love Pokemon, how about you?	ya I loved it as a kid, did you know theres like 800 episodes now?
ya I loved it as a kid, did you know theres like 800 episodes now?	Good morning! Do you listen to the radio?
Good morning! Do you listen to the radio?	Good morning! I do listen to the radio very frequently!
Good morning! I do listen to the radio very frequently!	Oh cool, Have you ever heard of Bobby Bones?
Oh cool, Have you ever heard of Bobby Bones?	I have not, Is he a singer?
I have not, Is he a singer?	I think he tried to be, but he is a country radio host. He's pretty good. I would compare him to Howard Stern.
I think he tried to be, but he is a country radio host. He's pretty good. I would compare him to Howard Stern.	I have seen and heard of Howard Stern before, I am not a fan of his style. I mostly listen to current soft rock radio stations. What do you listen to?
I have seen and heard of Howard Stern before, I am not a fan of his style. I mostly listen to current soft rock radio stations. What do you listen to?	I like to listen to NPR, but sometimes I listen To Bobby Bones because of all the controversy he stirs up. He once launched a billboard campaign against his own self.
I like to listen to NPR, but sometimes I listen To Bobby Bones because of all the controversy he stirs up. He once launched a billboard campaign against his own self.	I have listened to NPR as well. And a campaign against one's self? That seems counterproductive at best. I have been told of a radio station that plays the sun's music or solar activity but have yet been able to find it to hear for myself.
I have listened to NPR as well. And a campaign against one's self? That seems counterproductive at best. I have been told of a radio station that plays the sun's music or solar activity but have yet been able to find it to hear for myself.	That would be interesting to hear. I might have to google that! Bones likes to stir things up. I think he does it to be funny.
That would be interesting to hear. I might have to google that! Bones likes to stir things up. I think he does it to be funny.	I do watch a bit of TV every so often and when I do I try to catch an episode of the Simpsons. Do you know that with the first 400 episodes Homer, the Father of the show held 188 jobs?
I do watch a bit of TV every so often and when I do I try to catch an episode of the Simpsons. Do you know that with the first 400 episodes Homer, the Father of the show held 188 jobs?	Wouldn't that be something? 188 jobs. I always thought he only worked at the plant!
Wouldn't that be something? 188 jobs. I always thought he only worked at the plant!	Lots of different jobs he has had!! I have a interesting factoid of the show Shark tank as well, a show that's help people start off with an idea or invention they think would sell. Most of the deals made are never enacted.
Lots of different jobs he has had!! I have a interesting factoid of the show Shark tank as well, a show that's help people start off with an idea or invention they think would sell. Most of the deals made are never enacted.	I wonder why they aren't? Maybe the show is just a show?
I wonder why they aren't? Maybe the show is just a show?	Well that is my thought's as well, something to get that station ratings maybe? Something else I find interesting is that there is no correlation between bars of service and cell phone connection quality. I have always found it to be the more bars I had the better service I was able to have. Have you experienced that in any way?
Well that is my thought's as well, something to get that station ratings maybe? Something else I find interesting is that there is no correlation between bars of service and cell phone connection quality. I have always found it to be the more bars I had the better service I was able to have. Have you experienced that in any way?	No, I live in a place where I have no cell phone service, so I'm pretty clueless about it all. I do know that there are cables under the ocean for telephone lines though!
No, I live in a place where I have no cell phone service, so I'm pretty clueless about it all. I do know that there are cables under the ocean for telephone lines though!	I am one that always seems to be checking for WIFI!! I have seen shows on tv about how phone lines are under the ocean for which I find interesting in and of it's self because so much water and a drop or two can render a phone non-working quickly.
I am one that always seems to be checking for WIFI!! I have seen shows on tv about how phone lines are under the ocean for which I find interesting in and of it's self because so much water and a drop or two can render a phone non-working quickly.	That is the truth! And how do they know the lines are okay under there? I'm always looking for wifi too! Do you use a phone book still?
That is the truth! And how do they know the lines are okay under there? I'm always looking for wifi too! Do you use a phone book still?	Funny you should ask about a phone book!! I did receive one in the mail for our local listings and it was about 1/4 inch thick, I did get a good laugh and asked; "Does anyone ever use these anymore?" as for myself; no, I do not use one. I usually just google it on my phone if I need something or someplace and the a little box pops up asking if I want to call so I have the option for it to dial right then the number.
Funny you should ask about a phone book!! I did receive one in the mail for our local listings and it was about 1/4 inch thick, I did get a good laugh and asked; "Does anyone ever use these anymore?" as for myself; no, I do not use one. I usually just google it on my phone if I need something or someplace and the a little box pops up asking if I want to call so I have the option for it to dial right then the number.	I got two in the mail the other day! They were meshed together and I could not get them seperated! I do use a phone book, surprisingly!
I got two in the mail the other day! They were meshed together and I could not get them seperated! I do use a phone book, surprisingly!	That is interesting! I know of a luxury phone maker in London hires the the London Symphony Orchestra to record their ring tones for cell phones. I think that would be awesome to listen to.
That is interesting! I know of a luxury phone maker in London hires the the London Symphony Orchestra to record their ring tones for cell phones. I think that would be awesome to listen to.	Wow, that would be! nice chat!
Wow, that would be! nice chat!	I agree! Thank you for chatting with me today and have a great week.
I agree! Thank you for chatting with me today and have a great week.	you too!
you too!	Hey there do you ever listen to the radio? Like on your way to work or something, that's the only time when I do it
Hey there do you ever listen to the radio? Like on your way to work or something, that's the only time when I do it	Yeah I usually listen when I'm cleaning the house.
Yeah I usually listen when I'm cleaning the house.	well have you ever heard of Jupiter storm on the radio LOL? Apparently you can pick it up on the AM radio, I'll have to try that out
well have you ever heard of Jupiter storm on the radio LOL? Apparently you can pick it up on the AM radio, I'll have to try that out	Wow, I had no idea that was a thing. I've never heard it! haha
Wow, I had no idea that was a thing. I've never heard it! haha	Well maybe listen to it next time you're cleaning haha. Do you ever listen to Canadian radio by the way?
Well maybe listen to it next time you're cleaning haha. Do you ever listen to Canadian radio by the way?	No, I don't know if you can in the US.
No, I don't know if you can in the US.	Yeah I live in Michigan, so I'm actually closed and I have heard Canadian radio before. Apparently 40% of Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin, I can't think of any good Canadian artist, so that doesn't sound too appealing to me haha.
Yeah I live in Michigan, so I'm actually closed and I have heard Canadian radio before. Apparently 40% of Canadian radio needs to be of Canadian origin, I can't think of any good Canadian artist, so that doesn't sound too appealing to me haha.	Haha, I wonder if Justin Bieber and Drake are playing all the time.
Haha, I wonder if Justin Bieber and Drake are playing all the time.	Haha thats a good question. I didn't know that Drake was Canadian LOL. Do you know the Foxxhole radio is by the way?
Haha thats a good question. I didn't know that Drake was Canadian LOL. Do you know the Foxxhole radio is by the way?	I believe it's something soldiers made?
I believe it's something soldiers made?	Yes it is. They made them in World War II actually. That use a pencil as the diode, and then they use a razor blade as well. I don't know how that turns into a radio though LOL
Yes it is. They made them in World War II actually. That use a pencil as the diode, and then they use a razor blade as well. I don't know how that turns into a radio though LOL	Me either, but I guess it worked! If you are into classic radio dramas, you can listen to them on a website for free!
Me either, but I guess it worked! If you are into classic radio dramas, you can listen to them on a website for free!	Well I didn't know that. I'll have to check that out. Do you speak classical Latin by the way? There's a station in Finland that plays classical Latin news on the radio
Well I didn't know that. I'll have to check that out. Do you speak classical Latin by the way? There's a station in Finland that plays classical Latin news on the radio	Nope, but is really cool. It's amazing how many stations are on the radio.
Nope, but is really cool. It's amazing how many stations are on the radio.	Yes I agree with you. Although not all of them are good haha, like the Jupiter radio or the classical Latin haha. Do you ever watch television by the way?
Yes I agree with you. Although not all of them are good haha, like the Jupiter radio or the classical Latin haha. Do you ever watch television by the way?	Absolutely! Who doesn't? haha
Absolutely! Who doesn't? haha	How often do use the telephone by the way? Do you ever use one that's at your house, or do you just have a cell phone
How often do use the telephone by the way? Do you ever use one that's at your house, or do you just have a cell phone	I have both actually.
I have both actually.	I only have a cell phone. I got rid of my home phone a long time ago. Do you know why a New York's area code is 212?
I only have a cell phone. I got rid of my home phone a long time ago. Do you know why a New York's area code is 212?	Oh, I seen that a few days ago, I believe it's because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.
Oh, I seen that a few days ago, I believe it's because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	Yes I think it was the fastest number actually, do you have an iPhone or an Android phone by the way? IPhones have more power then the entire nuclear deterrent of the United States, I'm sure that Androids are about the same
Yes I think it was the fastest number actually, do you have an iPhone or an Android phone by the way? IPhones have more power then the entire nuclear deterrent of the United States, I'm sure that Androids are about the same	HI, do you follow Amber Wyatt story
HI, do you follow Amber Wyatt story	not really, who is she ?
not really, who is she ?	I think she is a celebrity, but I am not so sure. I, however, watched her interview discussing about her being rape and the emotion that she has suffered
I think she is a celebrity, but I am not so sure. I, however, watched her interview discussing about her being rape and the emotion that she has suffered	In what circumstances was she raped ? Do You know ?
In what circumstances was she raped ? Do You know ?	I remember that she worked for a company's boss
I remember that she worked for a company's boss	was justice served ? Did they put that guy in jail ?
was justice served ? Did they put that guy in jail ?	She did report the incident but no one tried to interfere
She did report the incident but no one tried to interfere	no one ? You mean authorities didn't want to interfere ?
no one ? You mean authorities didn't want to interfere ?	The authority people at her place did not report the incidence, and that is all that I have known of.
The authority people at her place did not report the incidence, and that is all that I have known of.	maybe there was no proof ? Not enough I mean...
maybe there was no proof ? Not enough I mean...	Maybe. Btw, are you a fan of facebook
Maybe. Btw, are you a fan of facebook	I mean, I do have an account ;) it's not bad to stay in touch with Your friends...
I mean, I do have an account ;) it's not bad to stay in touch with Your friends...	Yeah, I really like facebook because it is so convenient. Also, did you know that facebook's creator is colorblinded?
Yeah, I really like facebook because it is so convenient. Also, did you know that facebook's creator is colorblinded?	I think I've heard that somewhere... I wonder how that affected his life... I mean I don't think he could drive ;)
I think I've heard that somewhere... I wonder how that affected his life... I mean I don't think he could drive ;)	He is so rich and able to afford a personal driver. That will be his problem at all. Hahaha
He is so rich and able to afford a personal driver. That will be his problem at all. Hahaha	Yes, now, but what about when he was younger... I wonder how many things he wouldn't be able to do ;)
Yes, now, but what about when he was younger... I wonder how many things he wouldn't be able to do ;)	I think we have technologies to help people with colorblind such as a special eye contact or glasses, for example. What do you think?
I think we have technologies to help people with colorblind such as a special eye contact or glasses, for example. What do you think?	I don't know about eye contacts or glasses but maybe a surgery could fix it permanently ?
I don't know about eye contacts or glasses but maybe a surgery could fix it permanently ?	Surgery will not fix the problem because the neurons responsible for distinguishing colors are in the brain, which can not be surgeried or replaced
Surgery will not fix the problem because the neurons responsible for distinguishing colors are in the brain, which can not be surgeried or replaced	but maybe an electronical device could be placed in the patient to help ?
but maybe an electronical device could be placed in the patient to help ?	Ohh, you got a very good point there. Also, I do not know why Burger king offer a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people on facebook
Ohh, you got a very good point there. Also, I do not know why Burger king offer a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people on facebook	really ? how can You prove that You did it ;)
really ? how can You prove that You did it ;)	I read it somewhere, but did not actually done it myself. Btw, nice chatting with you. Enjoy your holiday
I read it somewhere, but did not actually done it myself. Btw, nice chatting with you. Enjoy your holiday	You too, thank You ! :)
You too, thank You ! :)	Good morning! Do you follow the news?
Good morning! Do you follow the news?	I try to follow as much as I can, sometimes it's way too depressing. How about you?
I try to follow as much as I can, sometimes it's way too depressing. How about you?	Some. There is alot of contention right now with the president.
Some. There is alot of contention right now with the president.	Yes there is, he seems to be the most polarizing president of my lifetime.
Yes there is, he seems to be the most polarizing president of my lifetime.	Do you think Social media has anything to do with it?
Do you think Social media has anything to do with it?	Yes, there seems to be a lot of information falsely spread around that people do not take the time to research. It seems to have driven a wedge in our society
Yes, there seems to be a lot of information falsely spread around that people do not take the time to research. It seems to have driven a wedge in our society	I think the president reinforces it too. Especially with Twitter.
I think the president reinforces it too. Especially with Twitter.	It's a very interesting time where the President has access to a platform with millions of followers that isn't controlled by a PR team
It's a very interesting time where the President has access to a platform with millions of followers that isn't controlled by a PR team	DO you think Trump is one of the wealthiest presidents?
DO you think Trump is one of the wealthiest presidents?	If other President's wealth is adjusted for inflation, I'm not sure, but I would imagine he would be very high on the list regardless.
If other President's wealth is adjusted for inflation, I'm not sure, but I would imagine he would be very high on the list regardless.	Me too. Did you know that the zimbabwe president was called president banana
Me too. Did you know that the zimbabwe president was called president banana	It's a pretty funny name, I wonder if that was his actual name or a nickname?
It's a pretty funny name, I wonder if that was his actual name or a nickname?	I think a nickname. But bananas must be important there!
I think a nickname. But bananas must be important there!	I wonder if any of our president's names would be unique around the world.
I wonder if any of our president's names would be unique around the world.	Thats a good question! Did you ever watch the simpsons or south park?
Thats a good question! Did you ever watch the simpsons or south park?	I have watched both of those shows in the past, but not as much lately. Do you?
I have watched both of those shows in the past, but not as much lately. Do you?	I watch the simpsons. There was an episode without Bart apparently. But south park got flowers from the simpson crew when they aired!
I watch the simpsons. There was an episode without Bart apparently. But south park got flowers from the simpson crew when they aired!	I know South Park was very critical of Family Guy which in turn was critical of the Simpsons, probably why they sent flowers.
I know South Park was very critical of Family Guy which in turn was critical of the Simpsons, probably why they sent flowers.	Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?
Did you know there are 750 episodes of pokemon?	I did not, I watched a couple when I was younger but it does not surprise me that it is a very popular show.
I did not, I watched a couple when I was younger but it does not surprise me that it is a very popular show.	my kids watched it. No wonder I thought it was endless!
my kids watched it. No wonder I thought it was endless!	They keep making games and series, have to capitalize on the popularity!
They keep making games and series, have to capitalize on the popularity!	Hello
Hello	It is so funny to know that first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
It is so funny to know that first president of zimbabwe was called president banana	That's hilarious. Much better than the U.S President's name.
That's hilarious. Much better than the U.S President's name.	What do you think about a president who is a singer as well? Examples the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums.
What do you think about a president who is a singer as well? Examples the president of Indonesia has released three pop albums.	I think it's a cool fact to know. But I would much rather have my president be experienced in Law or a hard science like Engineering,
I think it's a cool fact to know. But I would much rather have my president be experienced in Law or a hard science like Engineering,	Sure. I have never heard the word telly for televesion. Have you?
Sure. I have never heard the word telly for televesion. Have you?	I have. I think people in the UK use that slang
I have. I think people in the UK use that slang	Ahh ok. What do you think days like these was cancelled after 10 episodes?
Ahh ok. What do you think days like these was cancelled after 10 episodes?	I don't know I've never seen it. Why do you think?
I don't know I've never seen it. Why do you think?	It was not that bad. Maybe something happened .
It was not that bad. Maybe something happened .	Personally, I prefer watching something like pokemon, with over 750 episodes.
Personally, I prefer watching something like pokemon, with over 750 episodes.	Yeah. Pokemon has been for long time. About 16 years non stop.
Yeah. Pokemon has been for long time. About 16 years non stop.	It's one of my favorite shows, certainly.
It's one of my favorite shows, certainly.	For me it is so amazing how the world works. Still don't understand how can the moon slows the earth rotation?
For me it is so amazing how the world works. Still don't understand how can the moon slows the earth rotation?	I did not know that was a fact, actually. Im surprised that more than 80 of the earths forests have been destroyed.
I did not know that was a fact, actually. Im surprised that more than 80 of the earths forests have been destroyed.	We are doing that. Creating our own destruction. Don't know how a day had 5.5 hours and now 24
We are doing that. Creating our own destruction. Don't know how a day had 5.5 hours and now 24	maybe something to do with a change in calenders? or the earth rotation?
maybe something to do with a change in calenders? or the earth rotation?	Still too many hours of difference. Do you agree with the fact that earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21 century?
Still too many hours of difference. Do you agree with the fact that earth will be virtually helium-free by the end of the 21 century?	I am no science, but I guess so.
I am no science, but I guess so.	Hahaha. It is incredible how most of the earth is covered with water and we still don't have enough water.
Hahaha. It is incredible how most of the earth is covered with water and we still don't have enough water.	I think it is because it has so much salt in it, it can be hard to filter.
I think it is because it has so much salt in it, it can be hard to filter.	But it is still enough to have enough lakes, rivers and other sources of water for everything, but we are not taking care of it.
But it is still enough to have enough lakes, rivers and other sources of water for everything, but we are not taking care of it.	We humans can sometimes be scum.
We humans can sometimes be scum.	Earth is the third from the sun in the solar system. Earth perform two activity rotation on its own axis and revolution around the sun.
Earth is the third from the sun in the solar system. Earth perform two activity rotation on its own axis and revolution around the sun.	Earth is very interesting. Were you also aware that 71% of the surface is water?
Earth is very interesting. Were you also aware that 71% of the surface is water?	It is salt water only 3% fresh water is available which is only used for drinking purpose.
It is salt water only 3% fresh water is available which is only used for drinking purpose.	We're very reliant on that 3%. Did you also know that Jupiter saves the Earth from asteroids heading towards us?
We're very reliant on that 3%. Did you also know that Jupiter saves the Earth from asteroids heading towards us?	Earth is the only planet have natural satellite moon. Jupiter have large number of satellite compared to other planets.
Earth is the only planet have natural satellite moon. Jupiter have large number of satellite compared to other planets.	I did not realize that. I did not realize the distance between the earth and the moon. You could fit all of the planets in the space in between and still have room.
I did not realize that. I did not realize the distance between the earth and the moon. You could fit all of the planets in the space in between and still have room.	We are facing one side of the moon, the moon is very small it is very close to the earth so only it appear very big.
We are facing one side of the moon, the moon is very small it is very close to the earth so only it appear very big.	Yes it's interesting that we only see one side. Did you also know that the earth is almost 4 times as dense as the sun?
Yes it's interesting that we only see one side. Did you also know that the earth is almost 4 times as dense as the sun?	Sun is the only planet which source of heat and light for entire solar system. The gravity of sun holds entire solar systems.
Sun is the only planet which source of heat and light for entire solar system. The gravity of sun holds entire solar systems.	Yes it does. I watch a lot of television. Do you?
Yes it does. I watch a lot of television. Do you?	Yes. Television is a mass medium for ads, entertainment. It earns revenue through ads, serials.
Yes. Television is a mass medium for ads, entertainment. It earns revenue through ads, serials.	Are you a fan of Saturday Night Live?
Are you a fan of Saturday Night Live?	Yes, It is a television variety show. I like it very much.
Yes, It is a television variety show. I like it very much.	Weekend Update appeared on their very first episode and is their longest running skit. I love that skit.
Weekend Update appeared on their very first episode and is their longest running skit. I love that skit.	After second world war only television are available in black and white. In olden days, heavy cathode tube can be used now days it was replaced by the flat panel of LED.
After second world war only television are available in black and white. In olden days, heavy cathode tube can be used now days it was replaced by the flat panel of LED.	We've come a long way with TV's. Are you a Simpsons fan?
We've come a long way with TV's. Are you a Simpsons fan?	Sometimes only i watch it. Now days, Digital technology is used via internet.
Sometimes only i watch it. Now days, Digital technology is used via internet.	I stream most of my content now. In the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons Homer had 188 jobs.
I stream most of my content now. In the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons Homer had 188 jobs.	The president is title given to head of the government or nation.
The president is title given to head of the government or nation.	Yes it is. Did you know that the only US president to hold a PHD was Woodrow Wilson? You would think that more would have had one.
Yes it is. Did you know that the only US president to hold a PHD was Woodrow Wilson? You would think that more would have had one.	It is very interesting.
It is very interesting.	I agree. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day.
I agree. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day.	Hey there! Do you know who Kim Jong Un is?
Hey there! Do you know who Kim Jong Un is?	I do, he and Trump have been all over the news because of their meeting.
I do, he and Trump have been all over the news because of their meeting.	Yeah so he is the "supreme leader" of North Korea. Which just sounds crazy. But also he has been editing pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did!
Yeah so he is the "supreme leader" of North Korea. Which just sounds crazy. But also he has been editing pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did!	I think his father died with the title of President so he cannot have it.
I think his father died with the title of President so he cannot have it.	That is so weird to me! According to the North Korean Teacher's guide, he learned to drive at age 3. Somehow I don't believe that. Haha
That is so weird to me! According to the North Korean Teacher's guide, he learned to drive at age 3. Somehow I don't believe that. Haha	What I really dont believe is he was voted sexiest man alive by the union????
What I really dont believe is he was voted sexiest man alive by the union????	Haha. By the onion. It's kind of a fake media/news website that makes fake and funny news stories on purpose. What's funny is that China is said to believe it!
Haha. By the onion. It's kind of a fake media/news website that makes fake and funny news stories on purpose. What's funny is that China is said to believe it!	No one knows how old he is either.
No one knows how old he is either.	Yeah that's crazy! I don't see why he keeps so many secrets. It's unnecessary.
Yeah that's crazy! I don't see why he keeps so many secrets. It's unnecessary.	So weird...apparently he likes theme parks per his orders.
So weird...apparently he likes theme parks per his orders.	Yeah can you imagine if Trump, ordered Disneyland to undergo renovations! That would be so weird! Haha
Yeah can you imagine if Trump, ordered Disneyland to undergo renovations! That would be so weird! Haha	Speaking of Trump, he uses the media well even when he battles them.
Speaking of Trump, he uses the media well even when he battles them.	Yeah, it's interesting the way he uses the term "fake news", but doeesn't really explain exactly what he means. I could assume a few different things, after hearing him say that.
Yeah, it's interesting the way he uses the term "fake news", but doeesn't really explain exactly what he means. I could assume a few different things, after hearing him say that.	He uses twitter a lot as well.
He uses twitter a lot as well.	Oh I don't think he should use Twitter at all! It's very crazy to me!
Oh I don't think he should use Twitter at all! It's very crazy to me!	Exactly...I dont think so either but he sure has a ton of follower and supporters that think he does no wrong.
Exactly...I dont think so either but he sure has a ton of follower and supporters that think he does no wrong.	I think he gets away with breaking twitter's rules. Like calling that lady "Pocahontas". That's 100% racist!
I think he gets away with breaking twitter's rules. Like calling that lady "Pocahontas". That's 100% racist!	Yeah, he gets away with a lot then he turns around and critizies the media.
Yeah, he gets away with a lot then he turns around and critizies the media.	It's hard to believe that he isn't even one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents in history.
It's hard to believe that he isn't even one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents in history.	Actually he is the richest...He is a billionaire with washington coming in second who would have half a billion in todays money. Thats why he is so smug lol.
Actually he is the richest...He is a billionaire with washington coming in second who would have half a billion in todays money. Thats why he is so smug lol.	Yeah personally I think he is the richest president ever, and they fiddled with the numbers. I do know that he passed off stocks before his presidency. Surely he can ask for them right back, after the fact. Which isn't fair at all.
Yeah personally I think he is the richest president ever, and they fiddled with the numbers. I do know that he passed off stocks before his presidency. Surely he can ask for them right back, after the fact. Which isn't fair at all.	agreed...nice talking to you, good night
agreed...nice talking to you, good night	Ditto! Goodnight!
Ditto! Goodnight!	Hi how are you doing? This is a super funny fact: The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
Hi how are you doing? This is a super funny fact: The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana	That is funny. Isn't it amazing how people rate President Trump? One man characterizes it as short term pain for long term gain with the tariffs.
That is funny. Isn't it amazing how people rate President Trump? One man characterizes it as short term pain for long term gain with the tariffs.	Yeah. did u know The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house
Yeah. did u know The u.s. president's guest house is larger than the white house	I find it horrible that Trump supporters are being maligned. Everyone has a right to support whomever they wish.
I find it horrible that Trump supporters are being maligned. Everyone has a right to support whomever they wish.	Definitely, freedom of speech. People can be harsh.
Definitely, freedom of speech. People can be harsh.	I do think things might be a lot different if the runner up for President became VP. This was done until 1805.
I do think things might be a lot different if the runner up for President became VP. This was done until 1805.	Yeah, I read that too. That would be quite a change. Too bad they dont do that anymore.
Yeah, I read that too. That would be quite a change. Too bad they dont do that anymore.	Are you an NFL Fan? Can you believe that there are only 11 minutes of play time? A game on TV is usually 3 hours!
Are you an NFL Fan? Can you believe that there are only 11 minutes of play time? A game on TV is usually 3 hours!	I am somewhat I fan, i only follow one team though. yeah, thats crazy, from my experience it can go up to 4-5 hours as well, I thought this was really interesting though! The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
I am somewhat I fan, i only follow one team though. yeah, thats crazy, from my experience it can go up to 4-5 hours as well, I thought this was really interesting though! The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.	I had never heard that before! I also did not know that an engineer would average more lifetime pay than either an NFL or MLB player!
I had never heard that before! I also did not know that an engineer would average more lifetime pay than either an NFL or MLB player!	Thats kind of crazy since football players are constantly risking their health and safety every game! But yeah its believable.
Thats kind of crazy since football players are constantly risking their health and safety every game! But yeah its believable.	I also did not know that chips are embedded in shoulder pads and helmets to track speed, etc!
I also did not know that chips are embedded in shoulder pads and helmets to track speed, etc!	Me either, technology is so smart now. New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
Me either, technology is so smart now. New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.	I read that and am really wondering what the rational is?
I read that and am really wondering what the rational is?	maybe they think cheerleaders will distract the players, I have no clue.
maybe they think cheerleaders will distract the players, I have no clue.	Did you know that Kim Jong Un was ranked 46th most powerful person by Forbes?
Did you know that Kim Jong Un was ranked 46th most powerful person by Forbes?	No i didnt! Thats weird! Also, Kim jong un learned to drive at age 3, according to a north korean teacher's guide.
No i didnt! Thats weird! Also, Kim jong un learned to drive at age 3, according to a north korean teacher's guide.	I do not believe that. I read that he is also starting to edit history as other Communist leaders have done.
I do not believe that. I read that he is also starting to edit history as other Communist leaders have done.	Yeah. Omg Kim jong un was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion, china totally believes it.
Yeah. Omg Kim jong un was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion, china totally believes it.	I think that is hilarious! I am surprised that Trump met with him regarding nuclear bombs. Maybe that is a positive?
I think that is hilarious! I am surprised that Trump met with him regarding nuclear bombs. Maybe that is a positive?	Maybe. north Korea is stalked with armory and ammunition. Hope that meeting was a positive.
Maybe. north Korea is stalked with armory and ammunition. Hope that meeting was a positive.	It has been so nice speaking with you. I hope the next year goes better with Trump!
It has been so nice speaking with you. I hope the next year goes better with Trump!	You too!
You too!	Hey did you hear about President Trump's recent rally in Wilkes Barre Pennsylvania
Hey did you hear about President Trump's recent rally in Wilkes Barre Pennsylvania	I did not, I'm surprised people are liking his Twitter, it's just full of hate and lies.
I did not, I'm surprised people are liking his Twitter, it's just full of hate and lies.	Yeah it's interesting that no president has ever used Twitter like Trump has. Speaking of presidents though, do you know who the top three richest presidents were?
Yeah it's interesting that no president has ever used Twitter like Trump has. Speaking of presidents though, do you know who the top three richest presidents were?	It was JFK, Washington and Jefferson right? I wonder how Washington and Jefferson had so much money?
It was JFK, Washington and Jefferson right? I wonder how Washington and Jefferson had so much money?	Yes it was probably from slavery actually. I'm just shocked that Trump is not in that list. Also I'm shocked that the president of Indonesia is not in that list because he released three pop albums while he was President haha
Yes it was probably from slavery actually. I'm just shocked that Trump is not in that list. Also I'm shocked that the president of Indonesia is not in that list because he released three pop albums while he was President haha	For sure, that'd be cool to hear the pop albums. I don't think Trump has that much money, I think he's belly up on a lot of his "riches" but won't admit it. It's pretty obvious watching any news, have you heard much of that?
For sure, that'd be cool to hear the pop albums. I don't think Trump has that much money, I think he's belly up on a lot of his "riches" but won't admit it. It's pretty obvious watching any news, have you heard much of that?	No I haven't heard much about that, I try not to watch the news because it's pretty depressing in my opinion, on a different note though, do you ever watch the NFL by the way?
No I haven't heard much about that, I try not to watch the news because it's pretty depressing in my opinion, on a different note though, do you ever watch the NFL by the way?	Are you a big Trump supporter? I think his campaign against "fake news" is ridiculous.
Are you a big Trump supporter? I think his campaign against "fake news" is ridiculous.	No I stay out of politics personally because it is a waste of time. But back to the NFL, it is shocking to me that those games only have about 11 minutes of actual gameplay when they go on for hours on TV haha. It must be all the commercials
No I stay out of politics personally because it is a waste of time. But back to the NFL, it is shocking to me that those games only have about 11 minutes of actual gameplay when they go on for hours on TV haha. It must be all the commercials	For sure, I'm not sure what they count. I think that 11 minutes seems to be long? From whistle to whistle can't be that much time. Pretty crazy though! You know there's a rocket scientist as a coach in the NFL/
For sure, I'm not sure what they count. I think that 11 minutes seems to be long? From whistle to whistle can't be that much time. Pretty crazy though! You know there's a rocket scientist as a coach in the NFL/	I didnt can you tell me more about him? I just know that
I didnt can you tell me more about him? I just know that	He's the head coach for the Detroit Lions? He's very smart, I wonder how it translates to coaching at all? I'm sure it does. What kind of hobbies do you have?
He's the head coach for the Detroit Lions? He's very smart, I wonder how it translates to coaching at all? I'm sure it does. What kind of hobbies do you have?	I can tell you that one Hobby I don't have is visiting North Korea haha. Kim Jeong Hoon really scares me and it's funny to me that no one actually knows how old he is
I can tell you that one Hobby I don't have is visiting North Korea haha. Kim Jeong Hoon really scares me and it's funny to me that no one actually knows how old he is	No way, he's crazy too. Scary how much respect Trump has for the North Koreans too. You travel very much?
No way, he's crazy too. Scary how much respect Trump has for the North Koreans too. You travel very much?	No I can't say that I travel too much. I mostly just work and sleep haha. But I do know about Kim Jung Un that he was voted the sexiest man alive by the onion newpaper, and apparently china believe it lol
No I can't say that I travel too much. I mostly just work and sleep haha. But I do know about Kim Jung Un that he was voted the sexiest man alive by the onion newpaper, and apparently china believe it lol	Haha, I am sure he loved that. His older brother was spotted at an Eric Clapton concert in London too, I wonder who actually spotted him?
Haha, I am sure he loved that. His older brother was spotted at an Eric Clapton concert in London too, I wonder who actually spotted him?	Oh wow that's cool! I never knew that, I also never knew that you learn to drive at Age 3, that seems very dangerous
Oh wow that's cool! I never knew that, I also never knew that you learn to drive at Age 3, that seems very dangerous	Haha, I think that's all the proganda from North Korea, make him look like a god. Woodrow Wilson had a PHD? That's nuts.
Haha, I think that's all the proganda from North Korea, make him look like a god. Woodrow Wilson had a PHD? That's nuts.	Guess it's too bad we didn't have more presidents with phds, but at least our presidents don't typically alter photographs like Kim Jong un does to rewrite history
Guess it's too bad we didn't have more presidents with phds, but at least our presidents don't typically alter photographs like Kim Jong un does to rewrite history	Haha for sure, I think that is a huge problem. Obama had a law degree, so that's almost a PHD it seems. I don't know about the rest of them.
Haha for sure, I think that is a huge problem. Obama had a law degree, so that's almost a PHD it seems. I don't know about the rest of them.	Yes it seems very rare. it is interesting though that Trump was the first sitting US president to ever meet with a North Korean leader, I just hope that something good comes from it
Yes it seems very rare. it is interesting though that Trump was the first sitting US president to ever meet with a North Korean leader, I just hope that something good comes from it	Hello. Do you watch football? I recently learned that the NFL has no rules against women playing.
Hello. Do you watch football? I recently learned that the NFL has no rules against women playing.	I do watch football. That's interesting! Who's your favorite team?
I do watch football. That's interesting! Who's your favorite team?	I like several. The super bowl, that game they play on the first sunday in February, I like the Rams. Who is your favorite team?
I like several. The super bowl, that game they play on the first sunday in February, I like the Rams. Who is your favorite team?	I like the bears. I am from chicago so there's no other choice. Are you rooting for the rams on Sunday?
I like the bears. I am from chicago so there's no other choice. Are you rooting for the rams on Sunday?	I am rooting for them. For the NFC championship game I couldn't decide between them and the Saints. Speaking of, did you know that the Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in?
I am rooting for them. For the NFC championship game I couldn't decide between them and the Saints. Speaking of, did you know that the Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in?	Seems sexist. Glad they lost the NFC championship game. Karma!
Seems sexist. Glad they lost the NFC championship game. Karma!	I suppose it is at that! Do you follow politics? What do you think of Kim Jong-un?
I suppose it is at that! Do you follow politics? What do you think of Kim Jong-un?	I do follow politics. He has a degree in physics!
I do follow politics. He has a degree in physics!	That is really surprising for some reason. I heard that people outside North Korea don't actually know just how old he really is.
That is really surprising for some reason. I heard that people outside North Korea don't actually know just how old he really is.	I can see it. If you were one of his professors, would you give him a failing grade? Keep in mind this is communist North Korea!
I can see it. If you were one of his professors, would you give him a failing grade? Keep in mind this is communist North Korea!	That's true. I didn't think about that. The man did order the execution of his uncle so nothing is off the table with him!
That's true. I didn't think about that. The man did order the execution of his uncle so nothing is off the table with him!	what kind of looney kills his uncle? I guess my family is normal or not weird so he might have had a reason.
what kind of looney kills his uncle? I guess my family is normal or not weird so he might have had a reason.	Maybe he did. Did you know he was voted the most sexiest man alive by the onion?
Maybe he did. Did you know he was voted the most sexiest man alive by the onion?	I did know that. I came in second and was understanding since he has that sweet haircut.
I did know that. I came in second and was understanding since he has that sweet haircut.	Funny! On a serious note though, China actually believes he is.
Funny! On a serious note though, China actually believes he is.	Come on China! What do your guys look like where you think he is the sexiest man alive. There has to be a hanging chad conspiracy in that election...
Come on China! What do your guys look like where you think he is the sexiest man alive. There has to be a hanging chad conspiracy in that election...	True enough! What did you think about North Korea's participation in the olympics last year?
True enough! What did you think about North Korea's participation in the olympics last year?	I thought it was a good step in the right direction and a small token of the international communities willingness to meet them in the middle.
I thought it was a good step in the right direction and a small token of the international communities willingness to meet them in the middle.	I thought so too. I was really surprised when Kim Jong-un met with Trump.
I thought so too. I was really surprised when Kim Jong-un met with Trump.	Yeah, me too. I also thought that if anyone could bring them back into the international fold, it would be trump who has thumbed his nose at international and past presidential norms towards NK.
Yeah, me too. I also thought that if anyone could bring them back into the international fold, it would be trump who has thumbed his nose at international and past presidential norms towards NK.	I agree. Trump definitely has a pull on him though. It's the first time North Korea has talked to a U.S. president.
I agree. Trump definitely has a pull on him though. It's the first time North Korea has talked to a U.S. president.	Hi there! Do you know many presidential facts?
Hi there! Do you know many presidential facts?	I know a few, Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD.
I know a few, Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD.	Wow! We have more actors and reality stars than drs. Isn't that a crazy stat?
Wow! We have more actors and reality stars than drs. Isn't that a crazy stat?	It really is, more presidents and lawmakers should be educated, can't really go wrong with that. You ever watch the NFL too?
It really is, more presidents and lawmakers should be educated, can't really go wrong with that. You ever watch the NFL too?	I do watch the NFL! Did you know that there is rule that prevents a female from playing?
I do watch the NFL! Did you know that there is rule that prevents a female from playing?	I never would have guessed that, I'm sure that wouldn't hold up in a court of law. Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist? That is truly nuts.
I never would have guessed that, I'm sure that wouldn't hold up in a court of law. Matt Patricia is a rocket scientist? That is truly nuts.	lol I actually meant to say "there is no rule"...whoops! lol There is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay per NFL game. Kind of short....
lol I actually meant to say "there is no rule"...whoops! lol There is only an average of 11 minutes of live gameplay per NFL game. Kind of short....	Ah I gotcha, yah it would be hard to be a female in the NFL for sure. Do you have a favorite team out of the 32 in the NFL?
Ah I gotcha, yah it would be hard to be a female in the NFL for sure. Do you have a favorite team out of the 32 in the NFL?	I do! I like the Cleveland Browns.
I do! I like the Cleveland Browns.	Nice, I think they should be pretty good in the future years, Kareem Hunt is a good addition. You know much about Kim Jong-Un?
Nice, I think they should be pretty good in the future years, Kareem Hunt is a good addition. You know much about Kim Jong-Un?	I know that he has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did.
I know that he has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders Mao and Stalin did.	See a lot of parallels between him and Trump huh? I can't believe Trump is friends with that guy, what a truly messed up timeline.
See a lot of parallels between him and Trump huh? I can't believe Trump is friends with that guy, what a truly messed up timeline.	I agree. I will say though that since I've been alive he's been the first president to break through to where they would even talk with the US. Never thought I would ever see that. Now outside of that...Trump isn't my favorite person either. lol
I agree. I will say though that since I've been alive he's been the first president to break through to where they would even talk with the US. Never thought I would ever see that. Now outside of that...Trump isn't my favorite person either. lol	Yah, pretty scary stuff, even with the Otto stuff, Trump does not listen to the CIA, NSA, or FBI. I mean, what in the world? It was good to see the 2018 summit in Singapore, just terrible outcomes.
Yah, pretty scary stuff, even with the Otto stuff, Trump does not listen to the CIA, NSA, or FBI. I mean, what in the world? It was good to see the 2018 summit in Singapore, just terrible outcomes.	Yes. They say that Kim Jong un learned to drive at 3. Maybe a toy car he was driving? lol
Yes. They say that Kim Jong un learned to drive at 3. Maybe a toy car he was driving? lol	He's got a ton of hole in ones too. I think they lied a little bit about him haha. His older brother was spotted at an Eric Clapton concert, that's pretty funny.
He's got a ton of hole in ones too. I think they lied a little bit about him haha. His older brother was spotted at an Eric Clapton concert, that's pretty funny.	lol I find it funny he was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion and China believes it!
lol I find it funny he was voted most sexiest man alive by the onion and China believes it!	Ha, that is not bad for a little fat dictator that was born in 1983.
Ha, that is not bad for a little fat dictator that was born in 1983.	LOL They say that we don't actually know how old he is! It's been fun chatting!
LOL They say that we don't actually know how old he is! It's been fun chatting!	It's been fun chatting with you too, I hope you have a good rest of the night!
It's been fun chatting with you too, I hope you have a good rest of the night!	You too! Have a good one!
You too! Have a good one!	Hello, did you know the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while president? Thats pretty crazy.
Hello, did you know the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while president? Thats pretty crazy.	that is crazy, do you think Trump would do that? He would probably do a duet with Kanye since theyre friends haha
that is crazy, do you think Trump would do that? He would probably do a duet with Kanye since theyre friends haha	Oh geez, I really hope not! I don't like Kanye West. I wonder trump has any musical talent though, I guess its possible.
Oh geez, I really hope not! I don't like Kanye West. I wonder trump has any musical talent though, I guess its possible.	haha ya that's true, do you listen to the radio? I guess Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on our AM radio
haha ya that's true, do you listen to the radio? I guess Jupiter has radio storms that you can pick up on our AM radio	not regularly. have you heard it before?
not regularly. have you heard it before?	no I haven't but I want to now! I wonder what statino it would be haha
no I haven't but I want to now! I wonder what statino it would be haha	i hear there is a station u can listen to free classic drama episodes for free.
i hear there is a station u can listen to free classic drama episodes for free.	ya I wonder if there's anything good on there, have you ever heard canadian radio? I guess forty percent of all radio must be of canadian origin, that doesn't sound good to me haha
ya I wonder if there's anything good on there, have you ever heard canadian radio? I guess forty percent of all radio must be of canadian origin, that doesn't sound good to me haha	yeah i know right. I hope 40 % canadian music doesnt consist of all justin bieber stuff lol
yeah i know right. I hope 40 % canadian music doesnt consist of all justin bieber stuff lol	lol ya like bieber, celine dion, Rush, I don't know anything after that, I wish I could make a radio out of a razor and a pencil like they did in WW2, I wonder how that works
lol ya like bieber, celine dion, Rush, I don't know anything after that, I wish I could make a radio out of a razor and a pencil like they did in WW2, I wonder how that works	yeah that is really clever, I dont even know how a rdio works lol
yeah that is really clever, I dont even know how a rdio works lol	haha me neither, would you listen to the finnish radio station that plays news in classical latin? I'd rather listen to the Jupiter radio personally haha
haha me neither, would you listen to the finnish radio station that plays news in classical latin? I'd rather listen to the Jupiter radio personally haha	I dont understand latin so I dont think I would listen to it lol
I dont understand latin so I dont think I would listen to it lol	ya I don't understand Jupiter radio but it woudl probably be more interesting to me haha, do you use facebook at all?
ya I don't understand Jupiter radio but it woudl probably be more interesting to me haha, do you use facebook at all?	Yes, I do use Facebook.
Yes, I do use Facebook.	well apparently myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook back in 2005, it was only for 75 mil, I bet they're kicking themselves now
well apparently myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook back in 2005, it was only for 75 mil, I bet they're kicking themselves now	Yeah that is crazy! Crazy and dumb lol I think they had multiple offers from facebook too
Yeah that is crazy! Crazy and dumb lol I think they had multiple offers from facebook too	haha very dumb, did you hear that the like button is illegal in that one German state, like I wonder why? how could an internet button be illegal haha
haha very dumb, did you hear that the like button is illegal in that one German state, like I wonder why? how could an internet button be illegal haha	I dont know, they must have something against a "thumbs up" I wonder if they have hitch hikers? lol
I dont know, they must have something against a "thumbs up" I wonder if they have hitch hikers? lol	haha yes maybe that is why! can you believe that Iceland is using facebook to rewrite their government constitution? seems like an odd way to go about that.
haha yes maybe that is why! can you believe that Iceland is using facebook to rewrite their government constitution? seems like an odd way to go about that.	How much are your friendships worth? Burger king had a promo if you unfriend 10 friends you get a free whopper!! lol well its been nce chatting.
How much are your friendships worth? Burger king had a promo if you unfriend 10 friends you get a free whopper!! lol well its been nce chatting.	Hello. How are you doing.
Hello. How are you doing.	Hello there, well thank you, I hope you are too. Do you use facebook?
Hello there, well thank you, I hope you are too. Do you use facebook?	Yeah. Probably not as much as the normal person does. but I do use it from time to time. How about you.
Yeah. Probably not as much as the normal person does. but I do use it from time to time. How about you.	Yeah I used to a lot more, but I still use it to stay in touch with friends.
Yeah I used to a lot more, but I still use it to stay in touch with friends.	`Its just crazy how facebook has grown to be such a big part of peoples lives. I remember back in the day when Myspace was the thing. Did you ever have a Myspace.
`Its just crazy how facebook has grown to be such a big part of peoples lives. I remember back in the day when Myspace was the thing. Did you ever have a Myspace.	I think I might have set up an account and never gone back to use it ever again, they had a chance to not become obsolete but missed it.
I think I might have set up an account and never gone back to use it ever again, they had a chance to not become obsolete but missed it.	Yeah I would say buying facebook for 75 million would have been a good deal for them. they missed that boat.
Yeah I would say buying facebook for 75 million would have been a good deal for them. they missed that boat.	Agreed, would have been the steal of a lifetime but you never know how things will pan out.
Agreed, would have been the steal of a lifetime but you never know how things will pan out.	Yeah They may have ran it right into the ground.
Yeah They may have ran it right into the ground.	That is also true, sometimes that does happen when one company takes over another.
That is also true, sometimes that does happen when one company takes over another.	Well the way it did pan out facebook has became prettty popular these days. It was worth over 104 billion in 2012 Probably triple that by now.
Well the way it did pan out facebook has became prettty popular these days. It was worth over 104 billion in 2012 Probably triple that by now.	That is crazy how much they are worth, I remember posting on facebook when their stock hit $19, and said, 'who's buying?
That is crazy how much they are worth, I remember posting on facebook when their stock hit $19, and said, 'who's buying?	Yeah. You should have bought a few stocks huh.
Yeah. You should have bought a few stocks huh.	Yeah I should have bought a lot of bucks worth lol. It was over $200 earlier this summer.
Yeah I should have bought a lot of bucks worth lol. It was over $200 earlier this summer.	I have just never been one to put my life out there on facebook for everyone to see. I dont know maye Im weird like that.
I have just never been one to put my life out there on facebook for everyone to see. I dont know maye Im weird like that.	Yeah I am the same, and I wonder what young children who get their pics posted by their parents will say when they never had a say in it?
Yeah I am the same, and I wonder what young children who get their pics posted by their parents will say when they never had a say in it?	I would say the kids will grow up that way and never think anything of it. That will just be the way of life for everything to be in the publics eye if you will.
I would say the kids will grow up that way and never think anything of it. That will just be the way of life for everything to be in the publics eye if you will.	Yeah that is true, they don't know what it's like to live a private life most likely.
Yeah that is true, they don't know what it's like to live a private life most likely.	Nope my 13 year old daughter constantly has her nose in her phone. When i was 13 I didnt even know what a cell phone or a computer was hardly.
Nope my 13 year old daughter constantly has her nose in her phone. When i was 13 I didnt even know what a cell phone or a computer was hardly.	Right, I didn't get my first cell phone until I was over 20, I remember using the old rotary phones.
Right, I didn't get my first cell phone until I was over 20, I remember using the old rotary phones.	Yeah I was 19 when I got my first phone and me and my brother had to share one. Lol. We also had to pay the bill. Kids these days dont know nothing about that. Lol. Well Im gonna have to be going dfgot a lot of stuff to get done today.
Yeah I was 19 when I got my first phone and me and my brother had to share one. Lol. We also had to pay the bill. Kids these days dont know nothing about that. Lol. Well Im gonna have to be going dfgot a lot of stuff to get done today.	Right, sounds good it was nice talking with you today.
Right, sounds good it was nice talking with you today.	Hey there what do you think about the President? Also have you ever visited the White House?
Hey there what do you think about the President? Also have you ever visited the White House?	Well I don't really follow politics and no, I have not visited the white house. I would like to see it and the guest house which is bigger than the white house.
Well I don't really follow politics and no, I have not visited the white house. I would like to see it and the guest house which is bigger than the white house.	Yes I want to see that too. I visited the White House when I was a kid. I don't remember seeing the Guesthouse though, so I can't say if it is actually bigger. But I have heard that it is. Have you heard of the president of Indonesia?
Yes I want to see that too. I visited the White House when I was a kid. I don't remember seeing the Guesthouse though, so I can't say if it is actually bigger. But I have heard that it is. Have you heard of the president of Indonesia?	Yes, I have been to Indonesia. I hear he doesn't only do his presidential duties though, he also is a musician?
Yes, I have been to Indonesia. I hear he doesn't only do his presidential duties though, he also is a musician?	Yes that's what I heard too. He released three pop albums. I wonder how good they were? Will you listen to them LOL?
Yes that's what I heard too. He released three pop albums. I wonder how good they were? Will you listen to them LOL?	Haha, I probably will not listen to them. Well maybe out of curiosity. Do you think the runner up of an election should be vice president? I think they do that in Indonesia.
Haha, I probably will not listen to them. Well maybe out of curiosity. Do you think the runner up of an election should be vice president? I think they do that in Indonesia.	So interesting. I don't, I think that would have been a disaster with Vice President Clinton and President Trump LOL. I can only see bad things happening from that, I'm glad that they changed that real back in 1805, what about you?
So interesting. I don't, I think that would have been a disaster with Vice President Clinton and President Trump LOL. I can only see bad things happening from that, I'm glad that they changed that real back in 1805, what about you?	Haha, I think it would be interesting but probably not the best idea. I thought Trump was one of the richest presidents but maybe not.
Haha, I think it would be interesting but probably not the best idea. I thought Trump was one of the richest presidents but maybe not.	Yeah I thought that too. It's shocking that it's actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. You would think that Trump would be up there, I wonder if this is adjusted for inflation?
Yeah I thought that too. It's shocking that it's actually JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. You would think that Trump would be up there, I wonder if this is adjusted for inflation?	Right, I bet it did adjust for inflation. Maybe the list is outdated too. Do you follow Trump on Twitter?
Right, I bet it did adjust for inflation. Maybe the list is outdated too. Do you follow Trump on Twitter?	No I don't follow him on twitter. I don't use Twitter personally haha. What about you? I also have a Facebook account I don't use that either haha
No I don't follow him on twitter. I don't use Twitter personally haha. What about you? I also have a Facebook account I don't use that either haha	Yeah I use Facebook a little but try not to as much. It's cool that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook. Maybe I would use it more if we did something like that.
Yeah I use Facebook a little but try not to as much. It's cool that Iceland is rewriting their constitution via Facebook. Maybe I would use it more if we did something like that.	That is interesting. I wonder how they prevent just anyone from making bad editions though haha. Did you ever do the Facebook Burger King campaign?
That is interesting. I wonder how they prevent just anyone from making bad editions though haha. Did you ever do the Facebook Burger King campaign?	Which campaign is that? I don't believe so.
Which campaign is that? I don't believe so.	It's the one where you unfriend 10 people and in return Burger King gets you a free Whopper LOL. Apparently the person that you unfriend also gets a message, they would get sent that you valued their friendship at 1/10 the value of a whopper lol
It's the one where you unfriend 10 people and in return Burger King gets you a free Whopper LOL. Apparently the person that you unfriend also gets a message, they would get sent that you valued their friendship at 1/10 the value of a whopper lol	Ha! Well that would be useful for me. Maybe we need to ban Facebook. Facebook's like button is illegal in Sclewig-Holstein.
Ha! Well that would be useful for me. Maybe we need to ban Facebook. Facebook's like button is illegal in Sclewig-Holstein.	That is interesting. I wonder why they banned it. Can you believe that Myspace turn down an offer to buy Facebook, only seventy-five million seems like a bargain today, but how would you know that back in the day
That is interesting. I wonder why they banned it. Can you believe that Myspace turn down an offer to buy Facebook, only seventy-five million seems like a bargain today, but how would you know that back in the day	Wow, bet they are regretting that now! I was hesitant to move to Facebook from Myspace because I thought it was boring, such a lack of color.
Wow, bet they are regretting that now! I was hesitant to move to Facebook from Myspace because I thought it was boring, such a lack of color.	Haha that's a good point. What's weird is that Facebook is blue for a reason. It's because Mark Zuckerberg is actually colorblind, and so he can't really distinguish between the colors red or green
Haha that's a good point. What's weird is that Facebook is blue for a reason. It's because Mark Zuckerberg is actually colorblind, and so he can't really distinguish between the colors red or green	Oh, well that makes a lot more sense. Sometimes I wish we could go back to the simple days of listening to the radio. I'd like to learn how to make a foxhole radio like WWII soldiers did.
Oh, well that makes a lot more sense. Sometimes I wish we could go back to the simple days of listening to the radio. I'd like to learn how to make a foxhole radio like WWII soldiers did.	Yeah I wish I knew how to do that. It would be useful to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade haha I don't even know how that's possible, they sure were talented back then
Yeah I wish I knew how to do that. It would be useful to make a radio out of a pencil and a razor blade haha I don't even know how that's possible, they sure were talented back then	Hi! Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe, was called "President Banana"?
Hi! Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe, was called "President Banana"?	Funny, I wonder how he/she got that name? Did you know there is missing journalist in Turkey?
Funny, I wonder how he/she got that name? Did you know there is missing journalist in Turkey?	I did not. Do you know why?
I did not. Do you know why?	Turkey is not fond of journalists from other countries. But I don't know the details. There are attacks going on over there from France and other hostilities.
Turkey is not fond of journalists from other countries. But I don't know the details. There are attacks going on over there from France and other hostilities.	Well, France did enact a law for catcalling. Maybe with having to hand over the money immediately, will curb some of that aggressive behavior.
Well, France did enact a law for catcalling. Maybe with having to hand over the money immediately, will curb some of that aggressive behavior.	Sounds like a fair law to me. The video of a guy attacking a woman in Paris went viral.
Sounds like a fair law to me. The video of a guy attacking a woman in Paris went viral.	He threw an ashtray at her, and punched her in the face. He deserves to rot in jail.
He threw an ashtray at her, and punched her in the face. He deserves to rot in jail.	Yes. It seems like there is violence everywhere. Guatemala is no exception... The police surrounded an MS-13 gang leader named Cabrera and he shot himself.
Yes. It seems like there is violence everywhere. Guatemala is no exception... The police surrounded an MS-13 gang leader named Cabrera and he shot himself.	That's one way to keep from going to jail. It's interesting that trump isn't among the wealthiest presidents. Even JFK is richer than he.
That's one way to keep from going to jail. It's interesting that trump isn't among the wealthiest presidents. Even JFK is richer than he.	I'm wondering if that is correct. I think his dad was rich (Joe Kennedy) but not JFK. His dad became rich bootlegging booze during prohibition. I can't believe the press glamorizes the Kennedy's.
I'm wondering if that is correct. I think his dad was rich (Joe Kennedy) but not JFK. His dad became rich bootlegging booze during prohibition. I can't believe the press glamorizes the Kennedy's.	His dad did more than that, and so have the Kennedy family. They are worthy of the praise. Washington is richer than he is though.
His dad did more than that, and so have the Kennedy family. They are worthy of the praise. Washington is richer than he is though.	Worthy of the praise? Maybe our leaders should play more music. The press of Indonesia has 3 pop albums.
Worthy of the praise? Maybe our leaders should play more music. The press of Indonesia has 3 pop albums.	If you take the time to delve into their contributions to society, you will be surprised.
If you take the time to delve into their contributions to society, you will be surprised.	If you take a look at what they did in their private lives, you will be disgusted. Ted was a real scum bag. He literally got by with manslaughter. Do you use Facebook?
If you take a look at what they did in their private lives, you will be disgusted. Ted was a real scum bag. He literally got by with manslaughter. Do you use Facebook?	I do not, as it is overrun with conspiracy theorists. I deleted my account during the Burger King promotion.
I do not, as it is overrun with conspiracy theorists. I deleted my account during the Burger King promotion.	The fact that Ted's date drown and he did nothing but CYA is not a theory. Iceland uses Facebook for rewriting their constitution. Pretty clever...
The fact that Ted's date drown and he did nothing but CYA is not a theory. Iceland uses Facebook for rewriting their constitution. Pretty clever...	lol. Exactly why I avoid Facebook. I keep trying to pick up a radio storm from Jupiter. So far, no luck. They must not be happening while I am driving.
lol. Exactly why I avoid Facebook. I keep trying to pick up a radio storm from Jupiter. So far, no luck. They must not be happening while I am driving.	lol. Maybe you can contact them and complain. Did you know soldiers in WW I made radios with razor blades and pencils? I would probably cut myself...
lol. Maybe you can contact them and complain. Did you know soldiers in WW I made radios with razor blades and pencils? I would probably cut myself...	I did. My grandfather showed me how they made their foxhole radios.
I did. My grandfather showed me how they made their foxhole radios.	Cool. Did you listed to classic radio dramas with him on the internet?
Cool. Did you listed to classic radio dramas with him on the internet?	I did not. He passed in the early 80's. He would have loved those, though. along with the Finnish station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.
I did not. He passed in the early 80's. He would have loved those, though. along with the Finnish station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.	Thanks for the chat.
Thanks for the chat.	How are you today? Do you listen to the radio?
How are you today? Do you listen to the radio?	I do! Do you?
I do! Do you?	I used to. I don't listen much now. I usually use the Internet.
I used to. I don't listen much now. I usually use the Internet.	If you are defining radio as the actual use of FM and AM, then no, I never listen. I listen to a lot of podcasts and sportify. I also listen to XM.
If you are defining radio as the actual use of FM and AM, then no, I never listen. I listen to a lot of podcasts and sportify. I also listen to XM.	Broadcast radio is not really going to compete against other sources of audio.
Broadcast radio is not really going to compete against other sources of audio.	I agree. I know a lot of radio stations are following the way of the newspaper... consolidate for economies of scale.
I agree. I know a lot of radio stations are following the way of the newspaper... consolidate for economies of scale.	Yes. The internet is the way to go. the audience is on the phone or on the net. not on the radio
Yes. The internet is the way to go. the audience is on the phone or on the net. not on the radio	Agreed. There's even a website you can go to to listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio!
Agreed. There's even a website you can go to to listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio!	I think that it's great to have repositories of old shows, but I wonder who listens to them.
I think that it's great to have repositories of old shows, but I wonder who listens to them.	I am not sure but they probably do not play in canada. They have to play 40% canadian music.
I am not sure but they probably do not play in canada. They have to play 40% canadian music.	i guess the government in canada wants to protect their local talent. with the internet now, i dont think they can.
i guess the government in canada wants to protect their local talent. with the internet now, i dont think they can.	I now the canadian football league has to have like 60% canadian born players.
I now the canadian football league has to have like 60% canadian born players.	Yes, they want to keep jobs for the guys. i think that the fans want to see the best players possible. the leagues in europe do that.
Yes, they want to keep jobs for the guys. i think that the fans want to see the best players possible. the leagues in europe do that.	Football leagues? Or soccer?
Football leagues? Or soccer?	Soccer. lots of foreign talent. the play is high level.
Soccer. lots of foreign talent. the play is high level.	They have a minimum amount of native players they have to have? I never knew that.
They have a minimum amount of native players they have to have? I never knew that.	Hm? no, i mean that in europe there are no restrictions. sorry. maybe i didnt make that clear. in japan they have lots of restrictions. in the us, no.
Hm? no, i mean that in europe there are no restrictions. sorry. maybe i didnt make that clear. in japan they have lots of restrictions. in the us, no.	Good to know. Thanks for clarifying. Im not smart so it's on me. Do you like soccer?
Good to know. Thanks for clarifying. Im not smart so it's on me. Do you like soccer?	yes, i do. its the most democratic of sports. minimal equipment, men and women, young and old.
yes, i do. its the most democratic of sports. minimal equipment, men and women, young and old.	Who's your favorite team?
Who's your favorite team?	dont have one, but i try to watch the world cup. the level of play is so high. its great. anyway, great chat!
dont have one, but i try to watch the world cup. the level of play is so high. its great. anyway, great chat!	Ditto! Take care.
Ditto! Take care.	hi, do you listen to the radio?
hi, do you listen to the radio?	I prefer to listen to music online. speaking of which, there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
I prefer to listen to music online. speaking of which, there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.	That is cool. Do you ever listen to them?
That is cool. Do you ever listen to them?	I haven't yet. speaking of classical things, a finnish radio station broadcasts a weekly news program in classical latin.
I haven't yet. speaking of classical things, a finnish radio station broadcasts a weekly news program in classical latin.	Wow. I would not understand a word of it. Did you know you can listen to Jupiter's stors in am radio?
Wow. I would not understand a word of it. Did you know you can listen to Jupiter's stors in am radio?	Interesting. that sounds like it would be annoying, haha. if you are in canada, all radio need to have at least 40 percent of the music played be canadian.
Interesting. that sounds like it would be annoying, haha. if you are in canada, all radio need to have at least 40 percent of the music played be canadian.	I guess they really like to support local and national talent
I guess they really like to support local and national talent	yeah, speaking of music from foreign countries, the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
yeah, speaking of music from foreign countries, the president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office	Wow, a star president. good for them. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents in the us were?
Wow, a star president. good for them. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents in the us were?	i have heard jfk, washington and jefferson so i guess that accounts for inflation.
i have heard jfk, washington and jefferson so i guess that accounts for inflation.	yeah , to think trump is not in there, pretty surprising
yeah , to think trump is not in there, pretty surprising	I would feel rich if I were staying in the president's guest house. it's bigger than the white house!
I would feel rich if I were staying in the president's guest house. it's bigger than the white house!	Yeah they must get a lot of guests. Do you know what the president of zimbabwe was called?
Yeah they must get a lot of guests. Do you know what the president of zimbabwe was called?	President banana. i wonder why!
President banana. i wonder why!	Yeah me too, I wonder if it means something else in their language
Yeah me too, I wonder if it means something else in their language	Speaking of odd things relating to presidents, Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role once because he didn't have the "presidential look" according to an entertainment executive.
Speaking of odd things relating to presidents, Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role once because he didn't have the "presidential look" according to an entertainment executive.	Wow, well at least he became a president in real life. good for him
Wow, well at least he became a president in real life. good for him	Yeah, and I believe he was a successful actor too. Bill Nye got his break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest
Yeah, and I believe he was a successful actor too. Bill Nye got his break by winning a steve martin lookalike contest	Hahah that is so funny. Did you ever play nintendo?
Hahah that is so funny. Did you ever play nintendo?	Yes, I did. I had the original, which only could display 54 colors
Yes, I did. I had the original, which only could display 54 colors	Yeah that is so cool. nice chatting with you.
Yeah that is so cool. nice chatting with you.	do you know much about presidents?
do you know much about presidents?	I know some stuff. Do you know who the wealthiest three in the US are?
I know some stuff. Do you know who the wealthiest three in the US are?	Yes that is JFK, Washington and Jefferson.
Yes that is JFK, Washington and Jefferson.	Yes. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
Yes. Do you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called?	Yes he was called president Banana
Yes he was called president Banana	Yeah. I wonder if that means something else in their language too
Yeah. I wonder if that means something else in their language too	I wonder too. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?
I wonder too. Did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room
I guess they get a lot of people there and need the room	Yeah I guess. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
Yeah I guess. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?	Yes that was the runner up that moved into that position
Yes that was the runner up that moved into that position	Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes and he has released three albums so far
Yes and he has released three albums so far	Yesh what a guy. Do you like Nintendo?
Yesh what a guy. Do you like Nintendo?	I love it, too bad it was discontinued in 2003
I love it, too bad it was discontinued in 2003	Yes, it only had 54 colors but it was a lot of fun
Yes, it only had 54 colors but it was a lot of fun	Yeah I agree. Do you know who Bill Nye is?
Yeah I agree. Do you know who Bill Nye is?	Yes the science guy. You know how he got into entertainment?
Yes the science guy. You know how he got into entertainment?	Yes he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest
Yes he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest	Yeah. Even Reagan once tried his hand at acting but did not go very well
Yeah. Even Reagan once tried his hand at acting but did not go very well	Yes they said that he did not have the presidential look for the film
Yes they said that he did not have the presidential look for the film	I guess he had the look to be a real president so that is okay with him I assume. Nice chat
I guess he had the look to be a real president so that is okay with him I assume. Nice chat	Before Trump, had you ever heard of Breitbart News?
Before Trump, had you ever heard of Breitbart News?	No, I hadn't, I'm guessing you hadn't either? It sounds like a news site devoted to politics?
No, I hadn't, I'm guessing you hadn't either? It sounds like a news site devoted to politics?	I think today it is highly political. It was started by Andrew Breitbart to fight media bias. It got hijacked by Bannon. Apparently.
I think today it is highly political. It was started by Andrew Breitbart to fight media bias. It got hijacked by Bannon. Apparently.	I never heard of Bannon before all the drama, but I know a lot of the old editors are happy he left. I wonder how he managed to stay working there so long?
I never heard of Bannon before all the drama, but I know a lot of the old editors are happy he left. I wonder how he managed to stay working there so long?	Yes, people are coming out of the wood work saying Bannons gone, "A good day". So this news outlet had fame from Bannon, now what.
Yes, people are coming out of the wood work saying Bannons gone, "A good day". So this news outlet had fame from Bannon, now what.	It sort of looks like Trump was the reason they fired Bannon, it's amazing how much pull a president has! He thought Brannon had lost his mind.
It sort of looks like Trump was the reason they fired Bannon, it's amazing how much pull a president has! He thought Brannon had lost his mind.	Yes, the influence exerted by Trump on the media is a concern. But, I will not loose any sleep of Bannon disappearing from the world stage.
Yes, the influence exerted by Trump on the media is a concern. But, I will not loose any sleep of Bannon disappearing from the world stage.	Yes, me neither. It came as a surprise to me when I learned that Trump wasn't one of the three wealthiest presidents in American history!
Yes, me neither. It came as a surprise to me when I learned that Trump wasn't one of the three wealthiest presidents in American history!	I believe Trump makes claims. When its tax time he claims poor. When needing a loan or investors he claims wealth. I would rather listen to a list of George Washington's assets.
I believe Trump makes claims. When its tax time he claims poor. When needing a loan or investors he claims wealth. I would rather listen to a list of George Washington's assets.	I agree that he does do that. Did you know that the president's guest house is larger than the White House?
I agree that he does do that. Did you know that the president's guest house is larger than the White House?	I thing that makes sense. The white house has thick walls, and it was built long ago. I wonder what the other wealthy presidents listed on their taxes. JFK and Jefferson.
I thing that makes sense. The white house has thick walls, and it was built long ago. I wonder what the other wealthy presidents listed on their taxes. JFK and Jefferson.	Were taxes collected back when Washington was president? I'm not sure when the IRS started doing it's thing... It's unbelievable that Washington, Jefferson, and JFK were wealthier than some of our more modern-day presidents. Well, I know JFK came from money, but I wasn't aware that the other two were so wealthy!
Were taxes collected back when Washington was president? I'm not sure when the IRS started doing it's thing... It's unbelievable that Washington, Jefferson, and JFK were wealthier than some of our more modern-day presidents. Well, I know JFK came from money, but I wasn't aware that the other two were so wealthy!	The purpose of the government in Washington's day was to raise an army. It needed income to do so. It would be neat if JFK has put out a pop song album.
The purpose of the government in Washington's day was to raise an army. It needed income to do so. It would be neat if JFK has put out a pop song album.	LOL, like the president of Indonesia? I wonder if he has a large fan base to release three albums?!?
LOL, like the president of Indonesia? I wonder if he has a large fan base to release three albums?!?	Indonesian president must be popular, or own the record label. Three albums. I like to hear my self talk and sing.
Indonesian president must be popular, or own the record label. Three albums. I like to hear my self talk and sing.	Right, maybe he just has a huge ego?
Right, maybe he just has a huge ego?	I would think that a guy named Top Banana had a huge ego when elected president of Zimbabwe.
I would think that a guy named Top Banana had a huge ego when elected president of Zimbabwe.	You mean Zimbabwe's President Banana? I think that is just so funny! That to me says the guy has a sense of humor, and is maybe humble - since he doesn't insist on his name being used.
You mean Zimbabwe's President Banana? I think that is just so funny! That to me says the guy has a sense of humor, and is maybe humble - since he doesn't insist on his name being used.	I bet he is a nice guy. Do you know who Steve Martin is?
I bet he is a nice guy. Do you know who Steve Martin is?	The comedian? Yeah - and I'm a fan of his musical albums!
The comedian? Yeah - and I'm a fan of his musical albums!	He can play the banjo. Which is whack. Whats funnier is Bill Nye the science guy got into entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest. Hey time to go.
He can play the banjo. Which is whack. Whats funnier is Bill Nye the science guy got into entertainment by winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest. Hey time to go.	What the???? THAT'S house Bill Nye got into entertainment! I have to go look this up - thanks for the info. Have a wonderful day!
What the???? THAT'S house Bill Nye got into entertainment! I have to go look this up - thanks for the info. Have a wonderful day!	A 90 day suspension isn't as harsh a punishment as some of those people have been getting.
A 90 day suspension isn't as harsh a punishment as some of those people have been getting.	Yeah, it does seem to soft for such a respected News Paper
Yeah, it does seem to soft for such a respected News Paper	I'm not familiar with him, but I guess he does good work, according to his credentials here. That must be why. They don't want to lose his work.
I'm not familiar with him, but I guess he does good work, according to his credentials here. That must be why. They don't want to lose his work.	Me, neither. Still, this should not be a reason to tolerate such behavior. Considering that the Post has been one of the leaders in exposing it
Me, neither. Still, this should not be a reason to tolerate such behavior. Considering that the Post has been one of the leaders in exposing it	Yeah, exactly. Any other workplace, and the offender would be out of a job instantly.
Yeah, exactly. Any other workplace, and the offender would be out of a job instantly.	Yes, that's my train of thought. Reserving such a special treatment for him only diminishes the value of future articles on the subject.
Yes, that's my train of thought. Reserving such a special treatment for him only diminishes the value of future articles on the subject.	It absolutely does. It's hard to condemn something if they don't do the right thing when it happens in their house.
It absolutely does. It's hard to condemn something if they don't do the right thing when it happens in their house.	Yes, same thing that the Times did with their reporter. Netflix at least removed Kevin Spacey right away from their shows. That's a company doing it the right way
Yes, same thing that the Times did with their reporter. Netflix at least removed Kevin Spacey right away from their shows. That's a company doing it the right way	Yeah, and they even did another season of his show without him, to wrap it up for the viewers. That's a lot better than just dropping it and acting like it never happened.
Yeah, and they even did another season of his show without him, to wrap it up for the viewers. That's a lot better than just dropping it and acting like it never happened.	Yeah, you got give Netflix the props deserved for such action. This actions by the news papers show a lack of morality.
Yeah, you got give Netflix the props deserved for such action. This actions by the news papers show a lack of morality.	Not to mention integrity. If a punishment is good for one offender, it has to be good for all offenders. Regardless of their talents.
Not to mention integrity. If a punishment is good for one offender, it has to be good for all offenders. Regardless of their talents.	Yes, absolutely correct. It is mentioned in that the Post is considering termination as well. This is all based on verbal misconduct not physical. Maybe that's why the leniency
Yes, absolutely correct. It is mentioned in that the Post is considering termination as well. This is all based on verbal misconduct not physical. Maybe that's why the leniency	That's a good point. There's a big difference between verbal and physical. It's kinda hard to judge without knowing the details.
That's a good point. There's a big difference between verbal and physical. It's kinda hard to judge without knowing the details.	Yes, it does make it difficult. It is a difficult topic since it is getting harder and harder to figure out what is appropriate behavior. And most of this people that are accused are used to a different work culture
Yes, it does make it difficult. It is a difficult topic since it is getting harder and harder to figure out what is appropriate behavior. And most of this people that are accused are used to a different work culture	That's the biggest thing, I think. A lot of things that might have been harmless jokes in the past are considered serious offenses by some people now. It's all about knowing the people around you, I suppose.
That's the biggest thing, I think. A lot of things that might have been harmless jokes in the past are considered serious offenses by some people now. It's all about knowing the people around you, I suppose.	Yeah, I agree. The present workplace has become very conscious and delicate. Like did you read the fact how soldiers used to make radios in WW2. Now everything is a tweet or post away
Yeah, I agree. The present workplace has become very conscious and delicate. Like did you read the fact how soldiers used to make radios in WW2. Now everything is a tweet or post away	Yeah, things have definitely become more simple. I wouldn't know where to start making a radio if I just had a razorblade and pencil on hand.
Yeah, things have definitely become more simple. I wouldn't know where to start making a radio if I just had a razorblade and pencil on hand.	Haha, me neither. We have become spoiled by technology. That is curios though to see how they actually made the radio, and what quality it had
Haha, me neither. We have become spoiled by technology. That is curios though to see how they actually made the radio, and what quality it had	It definitely is. I imagine the quality wasn't great, but it's pretty amazing if it even worked.
It definitely is. I imagine the quality wasn't great, but it's pretty amazing if it even worked.	Yes, and I like the name foxhole radios. Now we can stream High definition images on our cellphones. Entertainment has definitely changed as well
Yes, and I like the name foxhole radios. Now we can stream High definition images on our cellphones. Entertainment has definitely changed as well	It has, and gets more advanced every day!
It has, and gets more advanced every day!	Yes, a long way from when Cesar found out about the chicken in Britan
Yes, a long way from when Cesar found out about the chicken in Britan	I imagine the chickens prefer being entertainment over food!
I imagine the chickens prefer being entertainment over food!	Haha,
Haha,	Hello! Do you like entertainment like movies and music?
Hello! Do you like entertainment like movies and music?	Yes I love those forms of entertainment. I love how it gives audiences pleasure and delight!
Yes I love those forms of entertainment. I love how it gives audiences pleasure and delight!	It really does. Did you know Bill Nye got his start in a Steve Martin lookalike contest?
It really does. Did you know Bill Nye got his start in a Steve Martin lookalike contest?	I didn't know that I always wondered how he got his start. Did you also know that Ronald Reagan was an actor before?
I didn't know that I always wondered how he got his start. Did you also know that Ronald Reagan was an actor before?	I did know that. I never saw any of his movies though. He's not even one of the wealthiest presidents ever!
I did know that. I never saw any of his movies though. He's not even one of the wealthiest presidents ever!	Yeah surprising. Looks like JFK, Washington, and Jefferson take the cake!
Yeah surprising. Looks like JFK, Washington, and Jefferson take the cake!	I wonder who the President was that decided the guest house should be bigger than the white house itself?
I wonder who the President was that decided the guest house should be bigger than the white house itself?	Yeah I would like to know more about that as well. I also want to her the Indonesian president's pop albums lol.
Yeah I would like to know more about that as well. I also want to her the Indonesian president's pop albums lol.	Me too. I think he has 3 albums that have been released!
Me too. I think he has 3 albums that have been released!	Yeah so funny to me. I wonder what his rap name is. Hopefully its better than Zimbabwe's presidents name (banana)!
Yeah so funny to me. I wonder what his rap name is. Hopefully its better than Zimbabwe's presidents name (banana)!	That would be a bad name though lol. It probably sounds better than Jupiter's radio storms!
That would be a bad name though lol. It probably sounds better than Jupiter's radio storms!	Yeah I bet you are right. I also bet it sounds better than the sound generated by those foxhole radios.
Yeah I bet you are right. I also bet it sounds better than the sound generated by those foxhole radios.	I bet so too! I don't understand how a razor blade and pencil can make one.
I bet so too! I don't understand how a razor blade and pencil can make one.	Yeah those soldiers must have been a combination of smart and desperate!
Yeah those soldiers must have been a combination of smart and desperate!	I agree! Have you ever listened to radio dramas? There is a website where you can listen to them all for free.
I agree! Have you ever listened to radio dramas? There is a website where you can listen to them all for free.	Yeah that would be nice. Don't know if I could give up Netflix for that! I also wouldn't want to listen to that Latin radio show in Finland!
Yeah that would be nice. Don't know if I could give up Netflix for that! I also wouldn't want to listen to that Latin radio show in Finland!	I wouldn't want to either! The radio is crazy how it works though.
I wouldn't want to either! The radio is crazy how it works though.	Yeah agreed. Using all those waves and electromagnetic energy with changing frequency and amplitude. Very complicated!
Yeah agreed. Using all those waves and electromagnetic energy with changing frequency and amplitude. Very complicated!	So complicated! Speaking of complicated, Canada's laws says the radio needs to be at least full of 40 percent of songs by Canadians.
So complicated! Speaking of complicated, Canada's laws says the radio needs to be at least full of 40 percent of songs by Canadians.	Haha good for the Canadian artists but bad for everyone else! They must blast Bieber and Drake!
Haha good for the Canadian artists but bad for everyone else! They must blast Bieber and Drake!	and don't forget about Rush! I bet they all know the lyrics. Well have a good one!
and don't forget about Rush! I bet they all know the lyrics. Well have a good one!	Hi there, do you watch football?
Hi there, do you watch football?	I sometimes watch it. I didn't get a chance to watch the SB this year. You?
I sometimes watch it. I didn't get a chance to watch the SB this year. You?	I watched some of it without realizing that there are only 11 minutes of game play in it
I watched some of it without realizing that there are only 11 minutes of game play in it	That is quite short. Those guys makes a great salary on a per minute basis.
That is quite short. Those guys makes a great salary on a per minute basis.	THat is very true, yet over the lifetime they make less than en engineer
THat is very true, yet over the lifetime they make less than en engineer	Engineers have valuable skills. And fewer injuries and concussions. I would recommend that kids get into engineering.
Engineers have valuable skills. And fewer injuries and concussions. I would recommend that kids get into engineering.	Yup for sure. Did you hear about strange rule about New Orleans cheerleaders?
Yup for sure. Did you hear about strange rule about New Orleans cheerleaders?	What is the rule? Cheerleaders have rules?
What is the rule? Cheerleaders have rules?	Well there is this strange rule where they cannot eat in the same restaurant with the players
Well there is this strange rule where they cannot eat in the same restaurant with the players	What, why? It's just a restaurant, a public place. What could go wrong?
What, why? It's just a restaurant, a public place. What could go wrong?	I know and the worst is that they have to walk out midmeal if a players walks in. SO sexist
I know and the worst is that they have to walk out midmeal if a players walks in. SO sexist	I think it's an outdated rule. Probably the players don't like it either. I wonder what lead to its creation.
I think it's an outdated rule. Probably the players don't like it either. I wonder what lead to its creation.	I wonder too really. On the cool side of things, they use trackers on the pads of the players to track various things now
I wonder too really. On the cool side of things, they use trackers on the pads of the players to track various things now	I think thats a good way to plan strategy. How are the players moving? Plus maybe help understand how injuries occur.
I think thats a good way to plan strategy. How are the players moving? Plus maybe help understand how injuries occur.	Yeah exactly, quite beneficial. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only QB in NFL that is left handed?
Yeah exactly, quite beneficial. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only QB in NFL that is left handed?	Why only one lefty? Tthat seems strange. Is it a problem for the offense to adjust? I thought other QBs had been lefties and won.
Why only one lefty? Tthat seems strange. Is it a problem for the offense to adjust? I thought other QBs had been lefties and won.	Yeah it seems strange. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yeah it seems strange. DO you know who invented the circular huddle?	I thought the huddle was a basic part of the game.
I thought the huddle was a basic part of the game.	Yeah and it was invented by Paul Hubbard who was deaf and the other team could not read the gestures
Yeah and it was invented by Paul Hubbard who was deaf and the other team could not read the gestures	Smart thinking. I'm amazed that a deaf QB could do well in a game with hearing players. He must have been awesome at QB.
Smart thinking. I'm amazed that a deaf QB could do well in a game with hearing players. He must have been awesome at QB.	I know that is genius. Nice chatting with you
I know that is genius. Nice chatting with you	do you like the NFL?
do you like the NFL?	I do. Do you know who Kellan Moore is?
I do. Do you know who Kellan Moore is?	i am not too familiar with him. Do you like Brady?
i am not too familiar with him. Do you like Brady?	I do, Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB
I do, Kellan Moore is the only left handed QB	WOw cool. Brady was a back up QB in high school
WOw cool. Brady was a back up QB in high school	I guess he started early. DO you know who Brad Johnson is?
I guess he started early. DO you know who Brad Johnson is?	I have heard of him. Yeah and they did not start him even when they were doing really bad
I have heard of him. Yeah and they did not start him even when they were doing really bad	That is their loss though as he is a great player
That is their loss though as he is a great player	Exactly. Did you know women can play in the NFL?
Exactly. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Did not know that, has any ever played before?
Did not know that, has any ever played before?	I do not think so but there is no rule that prevents them from playing
I do not think so but there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Cool. Did you hear they are placing chips on the players now?
Cool. Did you hear they are placing chips on the players now?	Why is that, what are they collecting?
Why is that, what are they collecting?	Yes they are collecting velocity and speed and a bunch of other stuff
Yes they are collecting velocity and speed and a bunch of other stuff	Nice I wonder if they can use that data to make the game safer
Nice I wonder if they can use that data to make the game safer	Good point. Did you know Matt Patricia used to be a rocket scientist before becoming a coach?
Good point. Did you know Matt Patricia used to be a rocket scientist before becoming a coach?	That is such a career jump but good for him
That is such a career jump but good for him	Yeah. Did you know the first play off game was played in 1932?
Yeah. Did you know the first play off game was played in 1932?	WOw that was a long time ago, that is amazing
WOw that was a long time ago, that is amazing	I know. It was nice chatting with you
I know. It was nice chatting with you	Same here, have a good one
Same here, have a good one	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Good, how about you? Do you watch much football?
Good, how about you? Do you watch much football?	I am well, thanks. I do watch a lot of football. Do you watch football?
I am well, thanks. I do watch a lot of football. Do you watch football?	I watch it occasionally. Didn't actually watch the Super Bowl. Do you know what an RPO is?
I watch it occasionally. Didn't actually watch the Super Bowl. Do you know what an RPO is?	I do know it is a run pass option. It usually leaves the QB vulnerable for big hits though...
I do know it is a run pass option. It usually leaves the QB vulnerable for big hits though...	Ah, that's not such a good thing. Did you know the circular huddle was devised by a deaf quarterback?
Ah, that's not such a good thing. Did you know the circular huddle was devised by a deaf quarterback?	Alex Smith entered Utah as a Junior becuase he took so many AP classes in high school. How smart!
Alex Smith entered Utah as a Junior becuase he took so many AP classes in high school. How smart!	Then he was drafted first overall. Amazing!
Then he was drafted first overall. Amazing!	That same year a Utah basketball player was drafted number 1 overall too. First time that happened and UTAH did it!
That same year a Utah basketball player was drafted number 1 overall too. First time that happened and UTAH did it!	Wow! There has only been one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
Wow! There has only been one left handed quarterback in the NFL.	That is right. Baker Mayfield once considered quiting football to become a professional gamer!
That is right. Baker Mayfield once considered quiting football to become a professional gamer!	Some good money can be made at that these days. How things have changed! In the 18th century, there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of reading novels.
Some good money can be made at that these days. How things have changed! In the 18th century, there was a "moral panic" because of the spread of reading novels.	Wow. I just heard a podcast where magic the gathering players get $75K per year and then a share of whatever they win! Wow!
Wow. I just heard a podcast where magic the gathering players get $75K per year and then a share of whatever they win! Wow!	yeah, that's a decent living. Wonder how much time they spend in front of the computer per day?
yeah, that's a decent living. Wonder how much time they spend in front of the computer per day?	The NFL has no rule against female players... WHo knew!
The NFL has no rule against female players... WHo knew!	I guess they just have to meet league eligibility requirements. Haven't there been female kickers at the college level?
I guess they just have to meet league eligibility requirements. Haven't there been female kickers at the college level?	I do not think so but I am not sure. I think seeing huge male player tackling a smaller female player could be unsettling.
I do not think so but I am not sure. I think seeing huge male player tackling a smaller female player could be unsettling.	Agreed. But I wouldn't be surprised if someday there's a female player. Did you know the NFL tracks player's every move via chips in their shoulder pads?
Agreed. But I wouldn't be surprised if someday there's a female player. Did you know the NFL tracks player's every move via chips in their shoulder pads?	I wouldn't be surprised either. There are some females on semi-pro teams. I know a girl who works for that chip company.
I wouldn't be surprised either. There are some females on semi-pro teams. I know a girl who works for that chip company.	The stats and data that come out of that must be interesting! Crazy that during an nfl game there is usually only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
The stats and data that come out of that must be interesting! Crazy that during an nfl game there is usually only 11 minutes of live gameplay.	yeah. It's a 60 minute game with only 11 minutes of game time. Nice chatting with you!
yeah. It's a 60 minute game with only 11 minutes of game time. Nice chatting with you!	Hello, are you particularly a fan of football?
Hello, are you particularly a fan of football?	I am, How are you? Do you like football?
I am, How are you? Do you like football?	I do! I think it can be too slow though, there's actually only 11 minutes of gameplay every NFL game.
I do! I think it can be too slow though, there's actually only 11 minutes of gameplay every NFL game.	That's crazy! I hear they're going to be putting tracking chips in the padding of the players.
That's crazy! I hear they're going to be putting tracking chips in the padding of the players.	It's cool though isn't it? They're not as socially advanced as they are technological though. For example Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in after they're already there.
It's cool though isn't it? They're not as socially advanced as they are technological though. For example Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in after they're already there.	Yeah i guess that's to deter employee fraternization.
Yeah i guess that's to deter employee fraternization.	Ahh but it could still be seen as sexist. And you wouldn't expect it coming from the league that actually allows female athletes in general.
Ahh but it could still be seen as sexist. And you wouldn't expect it coming from the league that actually allows female athletes in general.	Your right, I agree! No written rule at all. An engineer in his lifetime will make more than the lifetime of a nfl player.
Your right, I agree! No written rule at all. An engineer in his lifetime will make more than the lifetime of a nfl player.	Yeah that's surprising! I thought they make a lot more. I'm sure Tom Brady makes a lot. He probably deserves it, after going a winless season in high school.
Yeah that's surprising! I thought they make a lot more. I'm sure Tom Brady makes a lot. He probably deserves it, after going a winless season in high school.	Yeah the Patriots have been fortunate. They produced a RB with no fumbles his entire career with them.
Yeah the Patriots have been fortunate. They produced a RB with no fumbles his entire career with them.	That's amazing! I wonder if he ever received recognition for it, I know people often do. ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line.
That's amazing! I wonder if he ever received recognition for it, I know people often do. ESPN won an Emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line.	That was a good creations in my opinion. Did you know the circular huddle was designed originally for a deaf quarterback.
That was a good creations in my opinion. Did you know the circular huddle was designed originally for a deaf quarterback.	I didn't know that! A lot of quarterbacks are unique I guess. There's actually only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
I didn't know that! A lot of quarterbacks are unique I guess. There's actually only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.	I know you think the would have produced more. I wonder if there's more to that. Baseball has quite a few lefty's.
I know you think the would have produced more. I wonder if there's more to that. Baseball has quite a few lefty's.	I wonder if baseball has competitive gamers too. Like quarterback Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to full time pursue gaming instead.
I wonder if baseball has competitive gamers too. Like quarterback Baker Mayfield considered quitting football to full time pursue gaming instead.	Yeah i wonder if he regrets that choice..not! Alex Smith was quite the Academic in High school all they way up to becoming the 2005 nfl overall draft pick.
Yeah i wonder if he regrets that choice..not! Alex Smith was quite the Academic in High school all they way up to becoming the 2005 nfl overall draft pick.	He was definitely beyond qualified to be a quarterback. On the other hand, Ronald Reagan once got rejected from a movie role because they didn't think he had a "presidential look".
He was definitely beyond qualified to be a quarterback. On the other hand, Ronald Reagan once got rejected from a movie role because they didn't think he had a "presidential look".	Wow how ironic! I hear Trump is not even one of the top 3 wealthiest President's.
Wow how ironic! I hear Trump is not even one of the top 3 wealthiest President's.	That's surprising! I'm sure that's by inflation though. A lot of things don't seem amazing but really are. Like the Nintendo entertainment system only displays 54 colors in theories but you'd never notice it.
That's surprising! I'm sure that's by inflation though. A lot of things don't seem amazing but really are. Like the Nintendo entertainment system only displays 54 colors in theories but you'd never notice it.	No i didn't technology has come a long way. Apparently they just discontinued them in Japan in 2003.
No i didn't technology has come a long way. Apparently they just discontinued them in Japan in 2003.	Yeah it'll be interesting to see how much further it can improve. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!
Yeah it'll be interesting to see how much further it can improve. Anyways it was nice chatting with you, have a good day!	You as well. On a passing note Bill Nye won a contest for best Steve Martin look a like.
You as well. On a passing note Bill Nye won a contest for best Steve Martin look a like.	That's certainly interesting to know, good way to get a break in entertainment!
That's certainly interesting to know, good way to get a break in entertainment!	Did you know that Tom Brady was a backup quarterback for his high school team and the team lost every game and did not play him at all?
Did you know that Tom Brady was a backup quarterback for his high school team and the team lost every game and did not play him at all?	Really? I did not know that. What a cool fact knowing what he has accomplished now.
Really? I did not know that. What a cool fact knowing what he has accomplished now.	Yes that is amazing what he has accomplished. It would be a great teaching tool for you athletes.
Yes that is amazing what he has accomplished. It would be a great teaching tool for you athletes.	Absolutely. Too many kids these days do not want to put in the hard work and effort that it takes to get to the levels of professional athletes. They think it will just happen over night.
Absolutely. Too many kids these days do not want to put in the hard work and effort that it takes to get to the levels of professional athletes. They think it will just happen over night.	I did not know that the NFL uses tracking technology in the shoulder pads of football players to record every move on the field. That is pretty amazing.
I did not know that the NFL uses tracking technology in the shoulder pads of football players to record every move on the field. That is pretty amazing.	hmmm another tid bit of information that I was not aware of. You are full of useful trivia knowledge.
hmmm another tid bit of information that I was not aware of. You are full of useful trivia knowledge.	Lol...there is also tracking chips in the footballs to track ball speed, rotation, velocity and location.
Lol...there is also tracking chips in the footballs to track ball speed, rotation, velocity and location.	Maybe they could spend some more funding on making the game more lively. there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game. One of the many reasons I can't stand football.
Maybe they could spend some more funding on making the game more lively. there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game. One of the many reasons I can't stand football.	Yes I agree. Maybe it should be like American soccer. They should just play the game and not have so many clock stops.
Yes I agree. Maybe it should be like American soccer. They should just play the game and not have so many clock stops.	yes! that would be awesome
yes! that would be awesome	I guess entertainment is different to every person. Some people might like to watch a slow football game, or others would prefer an opera, or dancing.
I guess entertainment is different to every person. Some people might like to watch a slow football game, or others would prefer an opera, or dancing.	True. All I know is it's not for me.
True. All I know is it's not for me.	Yes I hear you on that.
Yes I hear you on that.	Give me a nintendo though and I'm set. To bad they discontinued them in September of 2003
Give me a nintendo though and I'm set. To bad they discontinued them in September of 2003	Yes to bad. It could only display 54 colors. But it was a big hit.
Yes to bad. It could only display 54 colors. But it was a big hit.	sure was. I remember playing it everyday after school when I was a kid.
sure was. I remember playing it everyday after school when I was a kid.	Did you know that Baker Mayfield, a quarterback, almost didn't play professional football. He wanted to be a full-time competitive gamer.
Did you know that Baker Mayfield, a quarterback, almost didn't play professional football. He wanted to be a full-time competitive gamer.	HA! No way. But he played Halo 3. No thanks
HA! No way. But he played Halo 3. No thanks	Ha Ha Ha. I know some people that play the Halo series. Like I said before entertainment to one person is not entertainment to another person. Like in Britian in 50 bc they bred chickens for entertainment
Ha Ha Ha. I know some people that play the Halo series. Like I said before entertainment to one person is not entertainment to another person. Like in Britian in 50 bc they bred chickens for entertainment	to each their own I suppose. I have chickens here but they're not for entertainment. They're for egg production and food.
to each their own I suppose. I have chickens here but they're not for entertainment. They're for egg production and food.	LOL I would of made chicken nuggets with them if I was back in that time.
LOL I would of made chicken nuggets with them if I was back in that time.	absolutely! That would have been a much better use.
absolutely! That would have been a much better use.	Maybe they could of had a big banquet with the chickens. Some for eating and some for entertainment.
Maybe they could of had a big banquet with the chickens. Some for eating and some for entertainment.	Hi, did you ever play with a Nintendo?
Hi, did you ever play with a Nintendo?	I did love my Nintendo - I have not played on it in years tho.
I did love my Nintendo - I have not played on it in years tho.	Did you know it only had 54 colors?
Did you know it only had 54 colors?	I did actually. I seem to remember that it stopped being made around 2003?
I did actually. I seem to remember that it stopped being made around 2003?	Yes, it was a great console and so much fun to play with
Yes, it was a great console and so much fun to play with	Are you a football fan? This season was great ending with the Super Bowl
Are you a football fan? This season was great ending with the Super Bowl	I sure am . Did you know women can play too in the NFL?
I sure am . Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	Yes I had heard that but it has never happened. I would like to work for Matt Patricia - he is an actual rocket scientist
Yes I had heard that but it has never happened. I would like to work for Matt Patricia - he is an actual rocket scientist	Wow that is pretty cool, what a career change that must have been
Wow that is pretty cool, what a career change that must have been	Yes - his school RPI had the best fight song - it included sin cosine and tangent as well as 6 digits of pi
Yes - his school RPI had the best fight song - it included sin cosine and tangent as well as 6 digits of pi	Haha that is so awesome. There are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game
Haha that is so awesome. There are only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game	Yes that is not very much - that must be why engineers make more than NFL players
Yes that is not very much - that must be why engineers make more than NFL players	Yup that makes sense. They also have longer careers so maybe that helps a bit there too
Yup that makes sense. They also have longer careers so maybe that helps a bit there too	Yes - did you know the first NFL playoff game was in 1932 on an 80 yard long dirt field?
Yes - did you know the first NFL playoff game was in 1932 on an 80 yard long dirt field?	Cool, did not know that. Did you hear of that rule that New Orleans cheerleaders have to abide to?
Cool, did not know that. Did you hear of that rule that New Orleans cheerleaders have to abide to?	That they have to leave the restaurant if a player walks in? That is awful!
That they have to leave the restaurant if a player walks in? That is awful!	That sure is and I really think it is outdated and needs to go
That sure is and I really think it is outdated and needs to go	Definitely - even though it is allowed I cannot see the Saints allowing a female player
Definitely - even though it is allowed I cannot see the Saints allowing a female player	I guess. DO you like Brady?
I guess. DO you like Brady?	Tom Brady is an amazing quarterback who has won 6 super bowls.
Tom Brady is an amazing quarterback who has won 6 super bowls.	He sure is and there is no stopping the guy. Nice chat
He sure is and there is no stopping the guy. Nice chat	Do you watch NFL games?
Do you watch NFL games?	Yes, out of all 32 teams my favorite is the Giants. Do you watch football too?
Yes, out of all 32 teams my favorite is the Giants. Do you watch football too?	Sometimes. I was familiar with the Giants since I used to live in the Bat Area.
Sometimes. I was familiar with the Giants since I used to live in the Bat Area.	Nice, did you know tracking chips are embedded in players' shoulder pads?
Nice, did you know tracking chips are embedded in players' shoulder pads?	No. Does it meant that players need a small surgery?
No. Does it meant that players need a small surgery?	No, it's just used to get stats such as player velocity, rotation, ball speed and location
No, it's just used to get stats such as player velocity, rotation, ball speed and location	I misunderstood. I thought it was embedded in players' shoulders. It would be illegal since they are not dogs.
I misunderstood. I thought it was embedded in players' shoulders. It would be illegal since they are not dogs.	If you pay me 500,000 a year you can embed a chip in my shoulder lol
If you pay me 500,000 a year you can embed a chip in my shoulder lol	You are funny. So did the chips help?
You are funny. So did the chips help?	I'm not sure, I'm sure the NFL uses them for safety concerns
I'm not sure, I'm sure the NFL uses them for safety concerns	Who is the best active QB?
Who is the best active QB?	Probably Tom Brady, he's won 4 super bowls
Probably Tom Brady, he's won 4 super bowls	Quarterbacks have to be smart and must have leadership skills since they are leaders of offensive lines. Tom Brady must have been very smart.
Quarterbacks have to be smart and must have leadership skills since they are leaders of offensive lines. Tom Brady must have been very smart.	Yea but he was only a backup on his high school jv football team
Yea but he was only a backup on his high school jv football team	Why was Junipero Serra high school well known?
Why was Junipero Serra high school well known?	The JV team failed to win a game or score a touchdown during a season Brady was on the team
The JV team failed to win a game or score a touchdown during a season Brady was on the team	I see. So, it was because Tom Brady played football for the school. Where is it located?
I see. So, it was because Tom Brady played football for the school. Where is it located?	I'm not sure, maybe in California
I'm not sure, maybe in California	Do you know that Alex Smith got a bachelor's degree in two years?
Do you know that Alex Smith got a bachelor's degree in two years?	Yea, he took so many ap tests in high school and was already a junior when he entered college
Yea, he took so many ap tests in high school and was already a junior when he entered college	Smart guy. Anyway, I've got to run. Nice chatting with you.
Smart guy. Anyway, I've got to run. Nice chatting with you.	Did you happen to watch the NFL Pro Bowl?
Did you happen to watch the NFL Pro Bowl?	Hello there, I didn't watch this year's but I have in the past. How about you?
Hello there, I didn't watch this year's but I have in the past. How about you?	I did not. But I just found out that one of the highlights of the game was not with the NFL players but their offspring. Specifically, Drew Brees sons. Did you happen to hear / read anything about it?
I did not. But I just found out that one of the highlights of the game was not with the NFL players but their offspring. Specifically, Drew Brees sons. Did you happen to hear / read anything about it?	I heard the cameras caught them playing around and the oldest son put a hard tackle on one of his other brothers right?
I heard the cameras caught them playing around and the oldest son put a hard tackle on one of his other brothers right?	Seems like. Supposedly it spilled onto the field and got caught on camera. That and the stern talking to from dad, NFL Saints QB Drew Brees. Its not too often normal life spills into professional sporting events or live TV!
Seems like. Supposedly it spilled onto the field and got caught on camera. That and the stern talking to from dad, NFL Saints QB Drew Brees. Its not too often normal life spills into professional sporting events or live TV!	I think that is really funny, I'm glad the cameras were able to catch that!
I think that is really funny, I'm glad the cameras were able to catch that!	True. Its refreshing from some of the player antics! What do you think of the NFL having a female referee officiate playoff games. Personally, I glad to see the break-thru. Do you think we will ever see the same with a female NFL player?
True. Its refreshing from some of the player antics! What do you think of the NFL having a female referee officiate playoff games. Personally, I glad to see the break-thru. Do you think we will ever see the same with a female NFL player?	I agree, and I think it would be really cool if a female player did make it, I think it would open the doors to females being able to play in all sorts of leagues.
I agree, and I think it would be really cool if a female player did make it, I think it would open the doors to females being able to play in all sorts of leagues.	I would hope that it would force my NO Saints to kill the arcane rule that prohibits their cheerleaders for eating in any restaurant when NFL players are their first. That is so outdated!
I would hope that it would force my NO Saints to kill the arcane rule that prohibits their cheerleaders for eating in any restaurant when NFL players are their first. That is so outdated!	I couldn't agree more, so outdated! The fact that they are required to leave if a player walks in is so stupid.
I couldn't agree more, so outdated! The fact that they are required to leave if a player walks in is so stupid.	True. I would be pretty upset if I had to pay for a meal that I was unable to finish because I had to leave midway. What are your thoughts of tech in NFL football. They have tracking in players shoulder pads and in the balls as well?
True. I would be pretty upset if I had to pay for a meal that I was unable to finish because I had to leave midway. What are your thoughts of tech in NFL football. They have tracking in players shoulder pads and in the balls as well?	I think the advancements in tech are good for the game, especially some of the safety aspects.
I think the advancements in tech are good for the game, especially some of the safety aspects.	I like the tracking chips in the football that reports velocity, rotation, speed, and location. I think that data could be useful for training / feedback of quarterbacks. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL. Do you think being left-handed QB has any advantages?
I like the tracking chips in the football that reports velocity, rotation, speed, and location. I think that data could be useful for training / feedback of quarterbacks. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL. Do you think being left-handed QB has any advantages?	I didn't know that, I figure there would be more than one at least. And, I'm not sure, I wonder how many left handed QB's have ever won a super bowl?
I didn't know that, I figure there would be more than one at least. And, I'm not sure, I wonder how many left handed QB's have ever won a super bowl?	I do not know. I cannot see any advantage like in baseball where left-handed is advantageous for the first base player. I just learned that the NFL had a deaf quarterback, Paul D. Hubbard. He started the circular huddle to shield his hand signals. Its always refreshing to here someone excel against the odds.
I do not know. I cannot see any advantage like in baseball where left-handed is advantageous for the first base player. I just learned that the NFL had a deaf quarterback, Paul D. Hubbard. He started the circular huddle to shield his hand signals. Its always refreshing to here someone excel against the odds.	Yeah Hubbard was awesome, I think he was one of the most interesting players to have ever played.
Yeah Hubbard was awesome, I think he was one of the most interesting players to have ever played.	Are you much into video games, like playing Nintendo football?
Are you much into video games, like playing Nintendo football?	I do like video games, but don't play as much as I used to, I would play Tecmo Super Bowl on Nintendo growing up. How about you?
I do like video games, but don't play as much as I used to, I would play Tecmo Super Bowl on Nintendo growing up. How about you?	I grew up in a rural area about 40 miles from a sizable city. So our entertainment was more live action, such as riding, roping, hunting, and fishing. And, chasing the chicken destine to be supper. Did you know that when Caesar visited Britain, he found the Brits bred chickens for entertainment, not food? What kind of entertainment?
I grew up in a rural area about 40 miles from a sizable city. So our entertainment was more live action, such as riding, roping, hunting, and fishing. And, chasing the chicken destine to be supper. Did you know that when Caesar visited Britain, he found the Brits bred chickens for entertainment, not food? What kind of entertainment?	That sounds like an awesome childhood. And that is really weird I would have no idea the entertainment value except maybe it would be funny to watch.
That sounds like an awesome childhood. And that is really weird I would have no idea the entertainment value except maybe it would be funny to watch.	I hope that was for entertainment and not cock fighting which is thankfully illegal in the States. What people do for entertainment can vary so much from live arts to recorded performances and from solo to group activities. And how people get into entertainment can be strange. Did you know Bill Nye "The Science Guy" got his break winning a Steve Martin look-a-like contest?
I hope that was for entertainment and not cock fighting which is thankfully illegal in the States. What people do for entertainment can vary so much from live arts to recorded performances and from solo to group activities. And how people get into entertainment can be strange. Did you know Bill Nye "The Science Guy" got his break winning a Steve Martin look-a-like contest?	That is very true, and no I never heard that, but I'm sure glad he did! It was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day.
That is very true, and no I never heard that, but I'm sure glad he did! It was nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day.	Hi, do you like the NFL?
Hi, do you like the NFL?	I love it. Watch it every week during the season. Im a Steelers fan.
I love it. Watch it every week during the season. Im a Steelers fan.	Me too. Boooo! I'm a Bengals fan lol.
Me too. Boooo! I'm a Bengals fan lol.	Im truly sorry to hear that. Lol.
Im truly sorry to hear that. Lol.	HAHA....it's all for fun. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing in the league?
HAHA....it's all for fun. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing in the league?	maybe we'll see a female kicker.
maybe we'll see a female kicker.	I was thinking kicker as well and that's probably about it. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?
I was thinking kicker as well and that's probably about it. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay?	It seems like more than that.
It seems like more than that.	I would think so too, but maybe not with all of the huddles and time in between plays.
I would think so too, but maybe not with all of the huddles and time in between plays.	Did you know the huddle was started by a deaf QB.
Did you know the huddle was started by a deaf QB.	I did not know that. Very cool though.
I did not know that. Very cool though.	It is cool. It was so they couldnt steal the plays.
It is cool. It was so they couldnt steal the plays.	That's funny. I guess that works pretty well then.
That's funny. I guess that works pretty well then.	his name was Paul D hubbard.
his name was Paul D hubbard.	That's cool. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.
That's cool. The NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	Thats a really good idea. All kind of info we can get from those.
Thats a really good idea. All kind of info we can get from those.	I agree. It says they track ball speed, velocity, location, and other data points.
I agree. It says they track ball speed, velocity, location, and other data points.	did you know kellen moore is the only left handed b in the league.
did you know kellen moore is the only left handed b in the league.	Oh wow did not know that. What about Michael Vick?
Oh wow did not know that. What about Michael Vick?	I think he is retired.
I think he is retired.	It was good talking to you!
It was good talking to you!	Hello - what do you like to do for entertainment?
Hello - what do you like to do for entertainment?	Hi yes I love entertainment! I like the NFL it's as good entertainment as it gets! The NFL has no written rule against girls playing!
Hi yes I love entertainment! I like the NFL it's as good entertainment as it gets! The NFL has no written rule against girls playing!	That's pretty cool. I wonder if a woman will join soon. Pretty crazy the average game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
That's pretty cool. I wonder if a woman will join soon. Pretty crazy the average game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.	Yeah that is surprising...Football players actually don't make all that much money. Over the course of a lifetime, engineers make more!
Yeah that is surprising...Football players actually don't make all that much money. Over the course of a lifetime, engineers make more!	Yeah that is also surprising. And the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and the footballs.
Yeah that is also surprising. And the NFL uses tracking chips on the players and the footballs.	Oh that's cool. Hopefully to get information on how to protect players more. It is kind of interesting the New Orleans Saints cheerladers can't eat at the same restaurant as the players.
Oh that's cool. Hopefully to get information on how to protect players more. It is kind of interesting the New Orleans Saints cheerladers can't eat at the same restaurant as the players.	Yeah that is kind of a silly rule I think.
Yeah that is kind of a silly rule I think.	Agreed. I also like to play video games and I used to have the original NES Nintendo. It only could display 54 colors but it impressed me!
Agreed. I also like to play video games and I used to have the original NES Nintendo. It only could display 54 colors but it impressed me!	The NES was discontinued in 2003 in Japan. I liked playing the NES also, I still have mine.
The NES was discontinued in 2003 in Japan. I liked playing the NES also, I still have mine.	That's awesome! Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment exec said he didn't look presidential. Little did he know...
That's awesome! Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because an entertainment exec said he didn't look presidential. Little did he know...	That's funny. And Bill Nye made it into the entertainment industry by winning a steve martin lookalike contest!
That's funny. And Bill Nye made it into the entertainment industry by winning a steve martin lookalike contest!	Oh wow interesting. I think if I played football I would want to be the quarterback. I would want to call plays in the huddle!
Oh wow interesting. I think if I played football I would want to be the quarterback. I would want to call plays in the huddle!	Oh cool - the huddle was created by Paul d. Hubbard. He was deaf. He used the huddle so that others teams couldn't read his hand signals!
Oh cool - the huddle was created by Paul d. Hubbard. He was deaf. He used the huddle so that others teams couldn't read his hand signals!	That's a cool origin story of the huddle! The QB Alex Smith got his degree in 2 years in college because he took so many AP classes!
That's a cool origin story of the huddle! The QB Alex Smith got his degree in 2 years in college because he took so many AP classes!	That's pretty impressive. Kellan moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL.
That's pretty impressive. Kellan moore is the only left-handed QB in the NFL.	Oh wow. Yeah now that I think of it all QB's are right handed. Tom Brady's highschool had a bad season when they never won a game or score a touchdown. Brady was the back up and he didn't even play! Hard to believe.
Oh wow. Yeah now that I think of it all QB's are right handed. Tom Brady's highschool had a bad season when they never won a game or score a touchdown. Brady was the back up and he didn't even play! Hard to believe.	Yeah that is hard to believe - look at him now.
Yeah that is hard to believe - look at him now.	Football is a tough game. They play for 17 weeks straight with only one week off during the season.
Football is a tough game. They play for 17 weeks straight with only one week off during the season.	Yeah it is - I could never do it. Well it has been nice talking to you - have a good day!
Yeah it is - I could never do it. Well it has been nice talking to you - have a good day!	You as well! Have a good day!
You as well! Have a good day!	:)
:)	Hello, How are you? Do you enjoy football?
Hello, How are you? Do you enjoy football?	I'm doing very well. Thanks. I do enjoy football a lot. Who is your favorite team?
I'm doing very well. Thanks. I do enjoy football a lot. Who is your favorite team?	I like the New England Patriots, and have been going to the Tampa Bay Bucs for years!! Who do you like?
I like the New England Patriots, and have been going to the Tampa Bay Bucs for years!! Who do you like?	I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots and we won the Super Bowl. Yeah!!!
I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots and we won the Super Bowl. Yeah!!!	Yes, I agree!! I saw Tom Brady the next day at Walt Disney World in the parade!! Very cool!!
Yes, I agree!! I saw Tom Brady the next day at Walt Disney World in the parade!! Very cool!!	You did. That is awesome. Tom Brady is fantastic quarterback and a great guy. Did you happen to watch this years Pro Bowl?
You did. That is awesome. Tom Brady is fantastic quarterback and a great guy. Did you happen to watch this years Pro Bowl?	I had to watch it later as I was working!! Did you know Tom Brady is the first and only quarterback to reach 200 regular season wins!!
I had to watch it later as I was working!! Did you know Tom Brady is the first and only quarterback to reach 200 regular season wins!!	I did know this. I love Tom Brady. Did you know that Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL?
I did know this. I love Tom Brady. Did you know that Matt Patricia is the only rocket scientist coaching in the NFL?	Yes, I have heard of that!! Very interesting,
Yes, I have heard of that!! Very interesting,	Yeah!! In fact he was working as an aeronautical engineer that graduated from rpi before becoming a coach.
Yeah!! In fact he was working as an aeronautical engineer that graduated from rpi before becoming a coach.	Very smart!! Did you know as far as loses the New England Patriots and the Buffalo Bills are equal?
Very smart!! Did you know as far as loses the New England Patriots and the Buffalo Bills are equal?	No. I didn't know this, very interesting.
No. I didn't know this, very interesting.	Do you like avocado ice-cream? Apparently Tom Brady loves it!! lol
Do you like avocado ice-cream? Apparently Tom Brady loves it!! lol	Yes I knew this about Tom Brady. I have to try it myself. I'm very sure it will taste great. Do you happen to know who is the quarterback with the most wins inside the Cleveland Brown home stadium?
Yes I knew this about Tom Brady. I have to try it myself. I'm very sure it will taste great. Do you happen to know who is the quarterback with the most wins inside the Cleveland Brown home stadium?	No who? Tom Brady as a 16 season starter has the most in history for 8 Superbowls!!
No who? Tom Brady as a 16 season starter has the most in history for 8 Superbowls!!	It is none other than Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
It is none other than Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.	Yay!! Very cool!! Isn't it interesting about how the circular huddle got started? Paul Hubbard a deaf quarterback.
Yay!! Very cool!! Isn't it interesting about how the circular huddle got started? Paul Hubbard a deaf quarterback.	Wow!! That is quite surprising to say the least.
Wow!! That is quite surprising to say the least.	Now when I watch them do the hand signals, I will think of him!! Baker Mayfield loved that Halo 3 game!! In college he felt no one could beat him!
Now when I watch them do the hand signals, I will think of him!! Baker Mayfield loved that Halo 3 game!! In college he felt no one could beat him!	I read that somewhere as well. He was great at that game. Do you know who is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL right now?
I read that somewhere as well. He was great at that game. Do you know who is the only left handed quarterback in the NFL right now?	Yes, that would be Kellan Moore!! Can you imagine never tasting a strawberry? Tom Brady must have an allergy to it. Good chat!!
Yes, that would be Kellan Moore!! Can you imagine never tasting a strawberry? Tom Brady must have an allergy to it. Good chat!!	You're correct. It was very nice chatting with you as well!!! Bye
You're correct. It was very nice chatting with you as well!!! Bye	You too! Have a great day!! I think I have a Nintendo entertainment system somewhere in the house? lol
You too! Have a great day!! I think I have a Nintendo entertainment system somewhere in the house? lol	Ha Ha!!! Thanks. You have a great day as well!!! Bye
Ha Ha!!! Thanks. You have a great day as well!!! Bye	Ditto!! Not surprised it only had 54 colors.
Ditto!! Not surprised it only had 54 colors.	I know it had very few colors at the time. You have a nice day and thanks for chatting with me!! Bye
I know it had very few colors at the time. You have a nice day and thanks for chatting with me!! Bye	Bye!! Discontinued in 2003....Bye
Bye!! Discontinued in 2003....Bye	Have a nice day. Bye
Have a nice day. Bye	good morning. How are you.
good morning. How are you.	Fine. What about you ?
Fine. What about you ?	Doing great here.
Doing great here.	Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news. After, second world war the black and white tv are come to human uses.
Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and news. After, second world war the black and white tv are come to human uses.	Yeah thank god they did huh. How boring would it be without tv.
Yeah thank god they did huh. How boring would it be without tv.	Antenna can be used to receive the signals in olden days now days we can use dish to receive signals.
Antenna can be used to receive the signals in olden days now days we can use dish to receive signals.	I still use an antenna at my home get the local channels.
I still use an antenna at my home get the local channels.	The huge cathode tube can be replaced by the flat screen LED, which is further developed into OLED. to avoid eye irritating and have high picture quality.
The huge cathode tube can be replaced by the flat screen LED, which is further developed into OLED. to avoid eye irritating and have high picture quality.	Thats why tv picture quality has gotten so much better over the years.
Thats why tv picture quality has gotten so much better over the years.	Japan consumer company brought the Digital TV to the market using Remote to change the channel. Today so many serials are available to see through TV.
Japan consumer company brought the Digital TV to the market using Remote to change the channel. Today so many serials are available to see through TV.	I think it is just the most popular cereals you see on the tv. You know frosted flakes and cheerios. Lol.
I think it is just the most popular cereals you see on the tv. You know frosted flakes and cheerios. Lol.	Yes, Through ads, revenue comes to the TV channel and soon reach the people as faster.
Yes, Through ads, revenue comes to the TV channel and soon reach the people as faster.	True dat. do you watch south park at all.
True dat. do you watch south park at all.	Car is wheeled motor vehicle used for transportation, safety carrying the people which is have new technology to have rear camera, disc braking system.
Car is wheeled motor vehicle used for transportation, safety carrying the people which is have new technology to have rear camera, disc braking system.	Awesome. How do you know so much. Cars also have trunks.
Awesome. How do you know so much. Cars also have trunks.	Most of the cars in 2010 have internal combustion engine. Hydrocarbons fuels are cause the pollution in the environment. So only electric cars are used in some part of the world to avoid pollution.
Most of the cars in 2010 have internal combustion engine. Hydrocarbons fuels are cause the pollution in the environment. So only electric cars are used in some part of the world to avoid pollution.	I would say over time that will get more steam and more people will have them. I think they need to get cheaper.
I would say over time that will get more steam and more people will have them. I think they need to get cheaper.	Most the government is worried about the vehicle safety. So the manufactures have adopt new safety techniques in the vehicles to safe guard the people inside it.
Most the government is worried about the vehicle safety. So the manufactures have adopt new safety techniques in the vehicles to safe guard the people inside it.	Safety is very important.
Safety is very important.	To avoid environment pollution some countries using Ethanol as fuel. Some have using Electric cars.
To avoid environment pollution some countries using Ethanol as fuel. Some have using Electric cars.	very interesting. Have a good one.
very interesting. Have a good one.	Do you still listen to the radio. I don't as much as I used to.
Do you still listen to the radio. I don't as much as I used to.	Hi, same here. I sometimes listen through the radio when I am in the car. Now I am curious to listen to some unusual programs like one that is Broadcasted in Latin! Have you ever heard about that?
Hi, same here. I sometimes listen through the radio when I am in the car. Now I am curious to listen to some unusual programs like one that is Broadcasted in Latin! Have you ever heard about that?	I have not. I wonder who the audience is for that since it is a dead language?
I have not. I wonder who the audience is for that since it is a dead language?	Exactly and it has been kind of succesful because it has been broadcast since 1989
Exactly and it has been kind of succesful because it has been broadcast since 1989	Wow! That's very strange. Did you know that on an AM radio you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms because they are so strong?
Wow! That's very strange. Did you know that on an AM radio you can pick up Jupiter's radio storms because they are so strong?	No, i did not know that. I think that is amazing , to think how far the signal comes from!!
No, i did not know that. I think that is amazing , to think how far the signal comes from!!	I agree. Did you also know that you can make a radio with very little?
I agree. Did you also know that you can make a radio with very little?	I do not know , but i imagine is not that complicated, how can it be done?
I do not know , but i imagine is not that complicated, how can it be done?	WWII soldiers could make them with a razorblade and pencil.
WWII soldiers could make them with a razorblade and pencil.	wow that is really simple!! did you know if you listened to the radio in Canada , at least 40% of what you heard would be canadian music?
wow that is really simple!! did you know if you listened to the radio in Canada , at least 40% of what you heard would be canadian music?	Is that by choice or is it some kind of law?
Is that by choice or is it some kind of law?	It is actually by law! I think is an advantage for Canadian musicians
It is actually by law! I think is an advantage for Canadian musicians	I can see how that would benefit them but I find it odd that it was such an issue that it had to be made a law.
I can see how that would benefit them but I find it odd that it was such an issue that it had to be made a law.	I agree with you! have you ever heard radio dramas? My parents told me they were popular when they were kids!
I agree with you! have you ever heard radio dramas? My parents told me they were popular when they were kids!	I know that they were very popular before TV. I wonder if they hold up?
I know that they were very popular before TV. I wonder if they hold up?	I think is exciting because is like reading a book. But I heard there is a website where you can listen for thousands of dramas for free, I would try that!
I think is exciting because is like reading a book. But I heard there is a website where you can listen for thousands of dramas for free, I would try that!	I would too. Do you also watch a lot of TV?
I would too. Do you also watch a lot of TV?	Not that much, but there are a few shows I watched. Among them is not Pokemon!!
Not that much, but there are a few shows I watched. Among them is not Pokemon!!	I hear that there have been an insane number of episodes for that cartoon.
I hear that there have been an insane number of episodes for that cartoon.	more than 750!!! that is too much. I like the SImpsons much more
more than 750!!! that is too much. I like the SImpsons much more	That is too much. It does not seem like it's been on that long. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day.
That is too much. It does not seem like it's been on that long. It was nice chatting with you. Have a nice day.	Do you by chance follow Barbara Alston? Did you like her music?
Do you by chance follow Barbara Alston? Did you like her music?	I haven't ever heard any of her songs, but I know of her. What about you?
I haven't ever heard any of her songs, but I know of her. What about you?	I know some of here songs, one of them is "Da Doo Ron Ron" and also had other hit songs. Too bad she died.
I know some of here songs, one of them is "Da Doo Ron Ron" and also had other hit songs. Too bad she died.	I know, it's very sad! I realize now that I have heard of one song, but I did not know that Gerry Goffin and Carole King wrote it: "He Hit Me (It Felt Like A Kiss)". I'm surprised that they would write that song, I know a little bit about their story from the Carole King musical "Beautiful" and that was surprising.
I know, it's very sad! I realize now that I have heard of one song, but I did not know that Gerry Goffin and Carole King wrote it: "He Hit Me (It Felt Like A Kiss)". I'm surprised that they would write that song, I know a little bit about their story from the Carole King musical "Beautiful" and that was surprising.	Yeah she did, she also sang "Theres No Other Like My Baby" this song was in the charts back in 1962 I think it was on place #20.
Yeah she did, she also sang "Theres No Other Like My Baby" this song was in the charts back in 1962 I think it was on place #20.	She was very successful and it's sad that she died from flu complications. That family has experienced a lot of heartache recently, especially considering that their child Tony/Toni Alston was murdered in 2010, possibly for being transgender.
She was very successful and it's sad that she died from flu complications. That family has experienced a lot of heartache recently, especially considering that their child Tony/Toni Alston was murdered in 2010, possibly for being transgender.	I heard about that he was shot in 2010 and the worst part is that his murder remains unsolved. So sad to see how hate got Tony killed.
I heard about that he was shot in 2010 and the worst part is that his murder remains unsolved. So sad to see how hate got Tony killed.	Hate gets a lot of people killed these days unfortunately. That's why I like that we have television which can not only spread news but also spread humor and joy. I love "Weekend Update" on SNL, I think it's a very humorous way to talk about some news that might otherwise be pretty dark. And I love the Simpsons. Do you know anything about the Simpsons?
Hate gets a lot of people killed these days unfortunately. That's why I like that we have television which can not only spread news but also spread humor and joy. I love "Weekend Update" on SNL, I think it's a very humorous way to talk about some news that might otherwise be pretty dark. And I love the Simpsons. Do you know anything about the Simpsons?	I love The Simpsons, I am a big fan, did you know there is an episode where Bart doesnt appear?!!
I love The Simpsons, I am a big fan, did you know there is an episode where Bart doesnt appear?!!	Wow, I did not know that, that's very surprising! I sometimes think about how often there are guest stars/cameos of celebrities. I especially found it funny when Daniel Radcliffe voiced Edward Cullen on the Simpsons' Twilight parody. Have you seen that episode?
Wow, I did not know that, that's very surprising! I sometimes think about how often there are guest stars/cameos of celebrities. I especially found it funny when Daniel Radcliffe voiced Edward Cullen on the Simpsons' Twilight parody. Have you seen that episode?	I havent seen that episode, I might google it later, whats it about, can you give me a short preview please!
I havent seen that episode, I might google it later, whats it about, can you give me a short preview please!	I don't want to spoil it for you, you should look it up later though! I wonder what would happen if they had made a Simpsons episode of the Crystals. That would be very dramatic and informative. Would you watch an episode like that?
I don't want to spoil it for you, you should look it up later though! I wonder what would happen if they had made a Simpsons episode of the Crystals. That would be very dramatic and informative. Would you watch an episode like that?	I would sure watch it,who knows maybe there is one lol, I would like to watch Barbara Alston and the rest of the crew come to life again in The Simpsons.
I would sure watch it,who knows maybe there is one lol, I would like to watch Barbara Alston and the rest of the crew come to life again in The Simpsons.	Yes, me too! I think they could make a really interesting plot with the drama around the producer (Phil Spector) and how he was later convicted of murdering Lana Clarkson! Knowing The Simpsons, it would probably be a little distasteful but probably funny.
Yes, me too! I think they could make a really interesting plot with the drama around the producer (Phil Spector) and how he was later convicted of murdering Lana Clarkson! Knowing The Simpsons, it would probably be a little distasteful but probably funny.	It would be funny! so what other shows do you like to watch? Maybe Pokemon?
It would be funny! so what other shows do you like to watch? Maybe Pokemon?	I also enjoy watching The Office, Parks and Rec, Family Guy, Rick and Morty, and some other shows like that. I started watching The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and found that really funny but I just keep rewatching The Office because it's so addictive. What shows do you watch? Pokemon?
I also enjoy watching The Office, Parks and Rec, Family Guy, Rick and Morty, and some other shows like that. I started watching The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and found that really funny but I just keep rewatching The Office because it's so addictive. What shows do you watch? Pokemon?	I used to love Pokemon but now theres about 750 so I lost track of it I also like South Park, seems like the producers have a good relation with the crew of The Simpsons.
I used to love Pokemon but now theres about 750 so I lost track of it I also like South Park, seems like the producers have a good relation with the crew of The Simpsons.	I never really got into Pokemon. I enjoy South Park, but I am not a huge fan of it and don't watch it religiously. I also love Community, which is by the same producers as Rick and Morty.
I never really got into Pokemon. I enjoy South Park, but I am not a huge fan of it and don't watch it religiously. I also love Community, which is by the same producers as Rick and Morty.	I see, Community is a nice show, I like it. So what other hobbies do you have, maybe cars
I see, Community is a nice show, I like it. So what other hobbies do you have, maybe cars	I like listening to music a lot. That is why I am surprised that I hadn't heard much music from Barbara Alston and the Crystals. Were you surprised to find out that she initially won a talent show with the Delphi Thezonians? I wonder what that name even means!
I like listening to music a lot. That is why I am surprised that I hadn't heard much music from Barbara Alston and the Crystals. Were you surprised to find out that she initially won a talent show with the Delphi Thezonians? I wonder what that name even means!	Well you lost me there lol, her family sure misses her but she left an important legacy behind.
Well you lost me there lol, her family sure misses her but she left an important legacy behind.	Did you hear about Barbara Alston died recently, she was 74
Did you hear about Barbara Alston died recently, she was 74	I am actually not sure who she is? Was she an actress? I was just reading about the fact that after WWII an improved version of black and white became popular.
I am actually not sure who she is? Was she an actress? I was just reading about the fact that after WWII an improved version of black and white became popular.	No she's a famous singer, she was in the group the crystals, they made that song Da Do Ron Ron, I think everyone knows that one haha
No she's a famous singer, she was in the group the crystals, they made that song Da Do Ron Ron, I think everyone knows that one haha	Oh yes, thats a fun song. Have you ever seem Thomas the Tank Engine? I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated it for at least 52 episodes each
Oh yes, thats a fun song. Have you ever seem Thomas the Tank Engine? I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated it for at least 52 episodes each	Yes I've seen that show especially when I was a kid, I love George Carlin I just wish he did some dirty jokes when he did the narration LOL
Yes I've seen that show especially when I was a kid, I love George Carlin I just wish he did some dirty jokes when he did the narration LOL	LOL, I saw that their is only one episode of The Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned
LOL, I saw that their is only one episode of The Simpsons where Bart neither appears or is mentioned	Yeah I didn't see that episode, I did see the one where South Park makes fun of Family Guy, did you hear that afterwards The Simpsons Creator sent them flowers?
Yeah I didn't see that episode, I did see the one where South Park makes fun of Family Guy, did you hear that afterwards The Simpsons Creator sent them flowers?	Oh wow that is funny. I read that there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon. Thats about 50 a year for 16 straight years
Oh wow that is funny. I read that there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon. Thats about 50 a year for 16 straight years	That's incredible! I love watching it as a kid, I would never be able to see them all now though, did you ever watch That 70s Show
That's incredible! I love watching it as a kid, I would never be able to see them all now though, did you ever watch That 70s Show	I did. I thought it was interesting that it was renamed and made verbatim in the UK.
I did. I thought it was interesting that it was renamed and made verbatim in the UK.	Yep and then it was canceled after only 10 episodes lol they must have a different sense of humor over there
Yep and then it was canceled after only 10 episodes lol they must have a different sense of humor over there	Yes, exactly. This is totally off the subject. Something interesting I saw was that Mcdonalds added the drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues
Yes, exactly. This is totally off the subject. Something interesting I saw was that Mcdonalds added the drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing fatigues	That is really nice of them! It also has made it easier for me to be lazy LOL do you know why the trunk of the car is called the trunk by the way
That is really nice of them! It also has made it easier for me to be lazy LOL do you know why the trunk of the car is called the trunk by the way	I think I saw somewhere that old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back
I think I saw somewhere that old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back	Yep you're right that's the reason! Good thing we don't have flamethrowers on our cars like they do in South Africa or they would be a real fire hazard with a wooden trunk LOL
Yep you're right that's the reason! Good thing we don't have flamethrowers on our cars like they do in South Africa or they would be a real fire hazard with a wooden trunk LOL	LOL, yes that wouldve been bad. I saw that the car brand cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac. Long name.
LOL, yes that wouldve been bad. I saw that the car brand cadillac was named after French explorer Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac. Long name.	Yep that's where they got the name for the car company Cadillac from, that guy founded Detroit, I'm actually from Michigan and I didn't know that haha
Yep that's where they got the name for the car company Cadillac from, that guy founded Detroit, I'm actually from Michigan and I didn't know that haha	Oh wow. Do they have a Cadillac museum in Michigan
Oh wow. Do they have a Cadillac museum in Michigan	No but they do have some plants that make Cadillac cars though, did you ever play the video game Gran Turismo by the way
No but they do have some plants that make Cadillac cars though, did you ever play the video game Gran Turismo by the way	Yes, I saw that Jann Mardenborough became a professional racecar driver by beating 90,000 people in that game
Yes, I saw that Jann Mardenborough became a professional racecar driver by beating 90,000 people in that game	Impressive, I wonder how it transfers from a video game into real world car racing skills though, what do you think about the radio to do you think that its useful to listen to when you're driving
Impressive, I wonder how it transfers from a video game into real world car racing skills though, what do you think about the radio to do you think that its useful to listen to when you're driving	Good afternoon! Do you have a favorite TV show?
Good afternoon! Do you have a favorite TV show?	Hello there, I do, I really like the Simpsons, how about you?
Hello there, I do, I really like the Simpsons, how about you?	The Simpsons is an all time great show and I do enjoy it - my favorite is probably Seinfeld
The Simpsons is an all time great show and I do enjoy it - my favorite is probably Seinfeld	Hey that's my 2nd if I can't have two number ones, wish Simpsons would have quit while they were still funny like Seinfeld.
Hey that's my 2nd if I can't have two number ones, wish Simpsons would have quit while they were still funny like Seinfeld.	Right! I'm not sure if/when Simpsons will quit - being a cartoon makes it easy for the character to just keep going.... Seinfeld finale, as most great shows, was kinda disappointing!
Right! I'm not sure if/when Simpsons will quit - being a cartoon makes it easy for the character to just keep going.... Seinfeld finale, as most great shows, was kinda disappointing!	Yeah it was, do you know there is an episode of the Simpsons in which Bart never appears?
Yeah it was, do you know there is an episode of the Simpsons in which Bart never appears?	That seems unlikely, but I trust you - I wonder which episode it was and what it was about, pretty hard to have an episode without a main character!
That seems unlikely, but I trust you - I wonder which episode it was and what it was about, pretty hard to have an episode without a main character!	I am willing to bet it was in a later season episode, I don't think I have seen it.
I am willing to bet it was in a later season episode, I don't think I have seen it.	I have a buddy who claims to have seen every episode of the Simpsons - I'll ask him if he knows. Maybe test his knowledge
I have a buddy who claims to have seen every episode of the Simpsons - I'll ask him if he knows. Maybe test his knowledge	Yeah I bet he would know, or maybe not that seems like an odd fact.
Yeah I bet he would know, or maybe not that seems like an odd fact.	Right - like they didn't advertise the episode as the only on without Bart.... you'd have to watch it in real time and make the connection. But it's probably widely known to the fanatics by now....
Right - like they didn't advertise the episode as the only on without Bart.... you'd have to watch it in real time and make the connection. But it's probably widely known to the fanatics by now....	Yeah I agree, have you ever seen an episode of Pokemon?
Yeah I agree, have you ever seen an episode of Pokemon?	I can't say that I have, but I do know about Pokemon and what they are and how crazy kids are about it. Pocket Monster!
I can't say that I have, but I do know about Pokemon and what they are and how crazy kids are about it. Pocket Monster!	Oh yeah the kids are crazy about it for sure, did you know there are over 750 episodes of the show though?!
Oh yeah the kids are crazy about it for sure, did you know there are over 750 episodes of the show though?!	That, I had no idea - seems like a ton of shows for me to not have seen even one!
That, I had no idea - seems like a ton of shows for me to not have seen even one!	Yeah I never saw one, I don't know how they can keep coming up with new material.
Yeah I never saw one, I don't know how they can keep coming up with new material.	I think the story lines with that many characters would be hard to create and follow. There is a movie coming out with Ryan Reynolds right?
I think the story lines with that many characters would be hard to create and follow. There is a movie coming out with Ryan Reynolds right?	Yeah I think you are right, I thought I saw a preview recently.
Yeah I think you are right, I thought I saw a preview recently.	Do you listen to the radio much, podcasts, etc?
Do you listen to the radio much, podcasts, etc?	Yeah I found a really good local station that I like, how about you?
Yeah I found a really good local station that I like, how about you?	At work I listed to a lot of talk radio, sports and politics to pass the time. At home I listen to a lot of music, but not on a traditional radio station. I listen to podcasts while walking the dogs too!
At work I listed to a lot of talk radio, sports and politics to pass the time. At home I listen to a lot of music, but not on a traditional radio station. I listen to podcasts while walking the dogs too!	Nice! I have yet to get into the podcasts. Anyways, it's been fun and interesting talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Nice! I have yet to get into the podcasts. Anyways, it's been fun and interesting talking with you, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.	Hello, do you like cars?
Hello, do you like cars?	Yes I like cars, but I really like race cars.
Yes I like cars, but I really like race cars.	I like all kinds pretty much! I did not know Ford did manufacture a car on 1908!
I like all kinds pretty much! I did not know Ford did manufacture a car on 1908!	If I'm not wrong the ford was the first car built, Do you remember the talk about Henry T ford?
If I'm not wrong the ford was the first car built, Do you remember the talk about Henry T ford?	It was called the model T.I do not remember the talk, tell me about it!
It was called the model T.I do not remember the talk, tell me about it!	I don't know much about it the ford was built by the ford company from 1908 until 1927. The car crank from the front.
I don't know much about it the ford was built by the ford company from 1908 until 1927. The car crank from the front.	They replaced pretty much animals drawing carriages
They replaced pretty much animals drawing carriages	Yes they did. Did you know a German by the name of Karl Benz Invented the mercedes benz?
Yes they did. Did you know a German by the name of Karl Benz Invented the mercedes benz?	Yes i did learned about that!, 1886 was a key year for him and for the automobile industry!
Yes i did learned about that!, 1886 was a key year for him and for the automobile industry!	Can you imagine buying property and find a burn full of classic cars. How is this possible unless it was purchase from a millionaire?
Can you imagine buying property and find a burn full of classic cars. How is this possible unless it was purchase from a millionaire?	Of course. i had never learned of that happening! But i learned of someone becoming a professional car race when beating 90.000 players of gran turismo video game!
Of course. i had never learned of that happening! But i learned of someone becoming a professional car race when beating 90.000 players of gran turismo video game!	Wow that amazing, do you watch TV, if yes, what is your most watch show?
Wow that amazing, do you watch TV, if yes, what is your most watch show?	I do not watch much tv, I did before, and sometimes watched the simpsons, what about you!
I do not watch much tv, I did before, and sometimes watched the simpsons, what about you!	I like TV a lot and the Internet. Watching TV gave me a comfort feeling, what do you do in place of TV?
I like TV a lot and the Internet. Watching TV gave me a comfort feeling, what do you do in place of TV?	i watch more youtube. Did you know that in the simpsons there is one episode where Bart is ignored!?
i watch more youtube. Did you know that in the simpsons there is one episode where Bart is ignored!?	I heard about it, but I only watched a few episode of the simpsons.
I heard about it, but I only watched a few episode of the simpsons.	I did watch it a lot, what I almost never watched is Pokemon, which has more than 750 episodes!
I did watch it a lot, what I almost never watched is Pokemon, which has more than 750 episodes!	Yes, that was shocking to me even known I wasn't a big fan of Pokemon, only the games, I like the game.
Yes, that was shocking to me even known I wasn't a big fan of Pokemon, only the games, I like the game.	It is very popular, but the amount of TV episodes were so many that it would equal 50 episodes for 16 years in a row!
It is very popular, but the amount of TV episodes were so many that it would equal 50 episodes for 16 years in a row!	Wow, it's hard to believe a cartoon show running that many episodes for so long, I can amazing how busy the cartoon artists were.
Wow, it's hard to believe a cartoon show running that many episodes for so long, I can amazing how busy the cartoon artists were.	Well it was nice talking to you!! have a good one
Well it was nice talking to you!! have a good one	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm doing well, thanks. I've been watching TV today, or "telly" as some like to call it. Are you a TV watcher?
I'm doing well, thanks. I've been watching TV today, or "telly" as some like to call it. Are you a TV watcher?	I am. What have you been watching?
I am. What have you been watching?	I was watching that old South Park episode, where they parody Family Guy.
I was watching that old South Park episode, where they parody Family Guy.	Was it any good?
Was it any good?	Yeah. It was so good that the producers received flowers from the Simpson's crew upon it's airing. Do you ever watch the Simpson's?
Yeah. It was so good that the producers received flowers from the Simpson's crew upon it's airing. Do you ever watch the Simpson's?	I do watch the simpsons. Do you watch the simpsons?
I do watch the simpsons. Do you watch the simpsons?	Occasionally. I recently heard that there was only one of the Simpson's episodes where Bart never appeared or was mentioned. Impressive for how many episodes have been aired!
Occasionally. I recently heard that there was only one of the Simpson's episodes where Bart never appeared or was mentioned. Impressive for how many episodes have been aired!	Yes, it was the four women and the manicure. It was a good one. Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? Do you watch that show?
Yes, it was the four women and the manicure. It was a good one. Did you know that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon? Do you watch that show?	I missed all 750 episodes. Pretty impressive run though. How many years did that show run?
I missed all 750 episodes. Pretty impressive run though. How many years did that show run?	16 straight years. My son loves it so I think I have seen them all through proxy. I cannot remember a single one though...
16 straight years. My son loves it so I think I have seen them all through proxy. I cannot remember a single one though...	But they haunt your dreams, right? That's like me and that 70s show. I watched, but don't remember them. What;s even more crazy, the show was remade in England--the first 10 episodes--but the show tanked. I guess it did not translate well to english...
But they haunt your dreams, right? That's like me and that 70s show. I watched, but don't remember them. What;s even more crazy, the show was remade in England--the first 10 episodes--but the show tanked. I guess it did not translate well to english...	Was that "Days like These"? Did you ever see the british version of the office?
Was that "Days like These"? Did you ever see the british version of the office?	It is in my queue of shows to watch, but I loved the US version so much, I fear it will be anti-climactic. You know what else was anti-climactic? When Alec Baldwin became the new narrator for Thomas the Tank Engine. I preferred George Carlin, although Ringo starr did a pretty good job too.
It is in my queue of shows to watch, but I loved the US version so much, I fear it will be anti-climactic. You know what else was anti-climactic? When Alec Baldwin became the new narrator for Thomas the Tank Engine. I preferred George Carlin, although Ringo starr did a pretty good job too.	They all did voices on that show?
They all did voices on that show?	Yup. At least 52 episodes each. That show has been on forever, but not as long as Pokemon...
Yup. At least 52 episodes each. That show has been on forever, but not as long as Pokemon...	Not much has been on as long as Pokemon... Were you aware that mcdonalds created the drive thru in 1975?
Not much has been on as long as Pokemon... Were you aware that mcdonalds created the drive thru in 1975?	I did not know that. Crazy how it has been adopted everywhere now! You know what I would like to see get adopted everywhere? Equipping cars with flamethrowers! They actually allow that in South Africa!
I did not know that. Crazy how it has been adopted everywhere now! You know what I would like to see get adopted everywhere? Equipping cars with flamethrowers! They actually allow that in South Africa!	That's overkill... I wonder if they do not have effective police???
That's overkill... I wonder if they do not have effective police???	Or bar-B-Que is really popular... the Cadillac brand, created by a dude named Antoine de la Mothe, used to be really popular. But his name never caught on.
Or bar-B-Que is really popular... the Cadillac brand, created by a dude named Antoine de la Mothe, used to be really popular. But his name never caught on.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio?
hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio?	About 45 minutes on my commute, you?
About 45 minutes on my commute, you?	I used to listen quite a bit when i was younger. now i go to youtube and listen to jazz albums.
I used to listen quite a bit when i was younger. now i go to youtube and listen to jazz albums.	Yeah I do Spotify and Pandora now. There is a website for classical radio dramas for free
Yeah I do Spotify and Pandora now. There is a website for classical radio dramas for free	i wonder who visits the site. i probably is popular among the older set. the kids like vids.
i wonder who visits the site. i probably is popular among the older set. the kids like vids.	Did you know WW2 soldiers made radios from pencils and razorblades?
Did you know WW2 soldiers made radios from pencils and razorblades?	I cant imagine ever being that ingenious. i wonder who thought that up. that is quite a feat.
I cant imagine ever being that ingenious. i wonder who thought that up. that is quite a feat.	Just need waves and a conductor!
Just need waves and a conductor!	I suppose that is true. Would you listen to the news in Latin on the radio?
I suppose that is true. Would you listen to the news in Latin on the radio?	I wouldnt but many must since a finnish station has been broadcasting
I wouldnt but many must since a finnish station has been broadcasting	Yeah, since 1989. i guess there are some dedicated latin fans over there in Finland. LOL Probably difficult to do in Canada.
Yeah, since 1989. i guess there are some dedicated latin fans over there in Finland. LOL Probably difficult to do in Canada.	Yes, Canada requires 40% Canadian content
Yes, Canada requires 40% Canadian content	Yeah, so the news in Latin would have to 40% about Canada. The snow forecast, the igloo housing starts. LOL
Yeah, so the news in Latin would have to 40% about Canada. The snow forecast, the igloo housing starts. LOL	How about Jupiter, it has its own radio waves!
How about Jupiter, it has its own radio waves!	Yes, the storms on Jupiter are audible. there is a radio station that turns solar activity into music, too.
Yes, the storms on Jupiter are audible. there is a radio station that turns solar activity into music, too.	Wow neat! Do you watch tv too?
Wow neat! Do you watch tv too?	I sometimes watch TV. Usually when I am exercising. You?
I sometimes watch TV. Usually when I am exercising. You?	Same here. The Simpsons a lot. I heard there is an episode where Bart is not in it?
Same here. The Simpsons a lot. I heard there is an episode where Bart is not in it?	Yeah, i dont remember the name. something like Bart isnt dead? i forget. anyway, great chat!
Yeah, i dont remember the name. something like Bart isnt dead? i forget. anyway, great chat!	Weird since he is the star. Thanks
Weird since he is the star. Thanks	Have a great day!
Have a great day!	Same to you
Same to you	Did you hear about that police officer that got sentenced to 15 years in prison
Did you hear about that police officer that got sentenced to 15 years in prison	Yea, what kind of abuse of power is this?
Yea, what kind of abuse of power is this?	I know right, 15 years is a harsh penalty but she deserved it, she committed a murder and used power to cover it up
I know right, 15 years is a harsh penalty but she deserved it, she committed a murder and used power to cover it up	Do you generally trust cops? A regular person may have gotten more time.
Do you generally trust cops? A regular person may have gotten more time.	I trust some of them but a lot of them are abusive just like officer Sherry Hall, her report was full of lies, makes me really angry, Its a good thing the Georgia Bureau of Investigation looked into the shooting
I trust some of them but a lot of them are abusive just like officer Sherry Hall, her report was full of lies, makes me really angry, Its a good thing the Georgia Bureau of Investigation looked into the shooting	Yea... Did you know Cars came into global use in the 20th century?
Yea... Did you know Cars came into global use in the 20th century?	Really in the 20th century? I though it was a lot longer than that, I wonder who made the first model
Really in the 20th century? I though it was a lot longer than that, I wonder who made the first model	I think it was Henry Ford. I'm just glad they evolved to electric vehicles now. We have over 1.25 billion vehicles on earth.
I think it was Henry Ford. I'm just glad they evolved to electric vehicles now. We have over 1.25 billion vehicles on earth.	Thats a lot of cars, did you hear about that pro driver that picked up his skills by playing Gran Turismo
Thats a lot of cars, did you hear about that pro driver that picked up his skills by playing Gran Turismo	This is so sick. I used to play that game all day as a kid. It was very difficult. Did you every play it?
This is so sick. I used to play that game all day as a kid. It was very difficult. Did you every play it?	I just to play it yeah, I wasnt good at it though, it was a great game, trunk of cars are called like that because of wooden trunks on the back
I just to play it yeah, I wasnt good at it though, it was a great game, trunk of cars are called like that because of wooden trunks on the back	That's cool. What do you know about Radios?
That's cool. What do you know about Radios?	I know the carry waves in the form of sound, info music, just about any sound really, I like radios, I think they are a great invention
I know the carry waves in the form of sound, info music, just about any sound really, I like radios, I think they are a great invention	Did you know that by canada law, their music has to be at least 40% canadian?
Did you know that by canada law, their music has to be at least 40% canadian?	I think thats a great law, its a good way to promote local talent, Bieber and Drake are great canadian artists
I think thats a great law, its a good way to promote local talent, Bieber and Drake are great canadian artists	Of course. It is just kind of weird. I did not know Bieber was canadian. Do you subscribe to radio or do you just listen to free radio?
Of course. It is just kind of weird. I did not know Bieber was canadian. Do you subscribe to radio or do you just listen to free radio?	No not really, do you know any free radio websites?
No not really, do you know any free radio websites?	I know pandora has a free version.
I know pandora has a free version.	I might download it, you know that Jupiter has storms that are so strong AM radio picks them up!
I might download it, you know that Jupiter has storms that are so strong AM radio picks them up!	I had no idea, that's insane!
I had no idea, that's insane!	That is insane just like soldiers and how they knew how to make radios back in WWII
That is insane just like soldiers and how they knew how to make radios back in WWII	I agree!
I agree!	hi, do you watch tv?
hi, do you watch tv?	Yes. I'm watching TV now.
Yes. I'm watching TV now.	Nice. do you like the simpsons?
Nice. do you like the simpsons?	I have seen all of them. There is one where Bart is not seen or mentioned.
I have seen all of them. There is one where Bart is not seen or mentioned.	yeah, that is a little strange, wonder what happened to the voice actor
yeah, that is a little strange, wonder what happened to the voice actor	Do you watch pokemon?
Do you watch pokemon?	sometimes. do they still air?
sometimes. do they still air?	Yes I think so .there are over 750 episodes!
Yes I think so .there are over 750 episodes!	wow, but i guess they have been around for 16 years
wow, but i guess they have been around for 16 years	Yes. That's a long time did you know Alec Baldwin narrated Thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes
Yes. That's a long time did you know Alec Baldwin narrated Thomas the tank engine for at least 52 episodes	yeah as well as george carlin and ringo starr
yeah as well as george carlin and ringo starr	Yep. Do youisten to the radio?
Yep. Do youisten to the radio?	I do. maybe one of these days i will catch Jupiter's storms
I do. maybe one of these days i will catch Jupiter's storms	That would be cool. They storms are so strong. You have to listen to am
That would be cool. They storms are so strong. You have to listen to am	that is cool. do you like radio dramas?
that is cool. do you like radio dramas?	Yes. Isn't there a sight where you can get thousands for free.
Yes. Isn't there a sight where you can get thousands for free.	yeah that is so convenient for those who love that type of drama
yeah that is so convenient for those who love that type of drama	It really is. Do you drive a car?
It really is. Do you drive a car?	I do. do you know how cadillac got its name?
I do. do you know how cadillac got its name?	Yes after the French explorer who founded Detroit.
Yes after the French explorer who founded Detroit.	yeah antoine de la moth
yeah antoine de la moth	You can put flamethrowers on your car in South Africa!
You can put flamethrowers on your car in South Africa!	wow, way to go for them. nice chat
wow, way to go for them. nice chat	Hello - how are you doing today?
Hello - how are you doing today?	I'm good thanks and you?
I'm good thanks and you?	I'm doing good - thanks. Do you like television?
I'm doing good - thanks. Do you like television?	I watch a little. Do you?
I watch a little. Do you?	Not too much. There are over 750 episodes of pokemon.
Not too much. There are over 750 episodes of pokemon.	I know I had heard that, I don't see what people find interesting about that at all. Do you?
I know I had heard that, I don't see what people find interesting about that at all. Do you?	I am not into Pokemon. Do you like the Simpons?
I am not into Pokemon. Do you like the Simpons?	Yes, I love the Simpsons.
Yes, I love the Simpsons.	Did you know that there is only one episode in which Bart doesn't appear in?
Did you know that there is only one episode in which Bart doesn't appear in?	I've heard that and I don't remember ever seeing that one. Do you?
I've heard that and I don't remember ever seeing that one. Do you?	I haven't watched too many Simpson's episodes so I didn't see that one.
I haven't watched too many Simpson's episodes so I didn't see that one.	That's cool. Do you know they remade that 70s Show in the UK, it was called " Days like these"?
That's cool. Do you know they remade that 70s Show in the UK, it was called " Days like these"?	Oh wow I didn't know that. It looks like it only made it 10 episodes before it was cancelled.
Oh wow I didn't know that. It looks like it only made it 10 episodes before it was cancelled.	True, I guess it didn't translate well across the pond?
True, I guess it didn't translate well across the pond?	I'm thinking it didn't. Do you like cars?
I'm thinking it didn't. Do you like cars?	Yes, I got me a big old American made Cadillac.
Yes, I got me a big old American made Cadillac.	Nice! I'm more into motorcycles, but like cars too. Did you know the trunk of your car is called a trunk because older cars actually had a wooden trunk in them>
Nice! I'm more into motorcycles, but like cars too. Did you know the trunk of your car is called a trunk because older cars actually had a wooden trunk in them>	Figured that was the case about the trunks. Do you know the guy my cadillac is named after was a French explorer that founded Detroit?
Figured that was the case about the trunks. Do you know the guy my cadillac is named after was a French explorer that founded Detroit?	I did not know that. It's legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flamethrower to deter carjackings.
I did not know that. It's legal in South Africa to equip your car with a flamethrower to deter carjackings.	My cadillac needs a few of those mounted on its hood for traffic in the city!
My cadillac needs a few of those mounted on its hood for traffic in the city!	Well it was really good talking to you!
Well it was really good talking to you!	You too, friend. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!
You too, friend. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon!	Do you watch any television shows?
Do you watch any television shows?	I watch quite a bit of murder mysteries on hallmark. What about you?
I watch quite a bit of murder mysteries on hallmark. What about you?	Nice, that is awesome. I need to check them out. I watch family guy and south park sometimes, ever watch those?
Nice, that is awesome. I need to check them out. I watch family guy and south park sometimes, ever watch those?	No they aren't really my kind of show. I don't go in for raunchy comedy. I can't believe how long they have been on the air though.
No they aren't really my kind of show. I don't go in for raunchy comedy. I can't believe how long they have been on the air though.	Yea, they are pretty raunchy. One time south park made fun of family guy and the simpsons sent them flowers
Yea, they are pretty raunchy. One time south park made fun of family guy and the simpsons sent them flowers	Nice. They seem to get a lot of actors to do voice over work on their shows though so it must pay well.
Nice. They seem to get a lot of actors to do voice over work on their shows though so it must pay well.	For sure. Did you ever watch pokemon growing up? They have like 750 episodes!
For sure. Did you ever watch pokemon growing up? They have like 750 episodes!	I didn't watch it growing up but I do now. I have some pokemon obssessed kids. I think we have probably seen all 750.
I didn't watch it growing up but I do now. I have some pokemon obssessed kids. I think we have probably seen all 750.	I think I have also lol! Thomas the tank was good too, they had famous people voicing thomas
I think I have also lol! Thomas the tank was good too, they had famous people voicing thomas	They really do! I just can't get behind some of these reality shows nowdays. Some are so obviously fake.
They really do! I just can't get behind some of these reality shows nowdays. Some are so obviously fake.	For sure lol. Did you ever watch that 70s show, i liked that growing up
For sure lol. Did you ever watch that 70s show, i liked that growing up	I used to watch it a lot in college. It was a good mind numbing show to watch after class.
I used to watch it a lot in college. It was a good mind numbing show to watch after class.	for sure lol. It had a lot of good stars in it that got their break after that. Too bad the uk version didn't have success.
for sure lol. It had a lot of good stars in it that got their break after that. Too bad the uk version didn't have success.	Yeah that is too bad. I would love to see more plays adapted into movies. I don't get to the theatre much so that would be fun to watch.
Yeah that is too bad. I would love to see more plays adapted into movies. I don't get to the theatre much so that would be fun to watch.	Yea I would like that also, movies need to get a little better. Do you listen to the radio much?
Yea I would like that also, movies need to get a little better. Do you listen to the radio much?	Not as much as I would like to. I love music. What about you? Do you like the radio?
Not as much as I would like to. I love music. What about you? Do you like the radio?	I love the radio, I like oldies. Apparently in canada they have a law where they have to play at least 40% of their songs on the radio. I don't think I could do it
I love the radio, I like oldies. Apparently in canada they have a law where they have to play at least 40% of their songs on the radio. I don't think I could do it	As long as it isn't a 40% justin beiber playlist I think I could handle that.
As long as it isn't a 40% justin beiber playlist I think I could handle that.	I was thinking the same thing lol! It was so nice talking with you!
I was thinking the same thing lol! It was so nice talking with you!	I could stand to listen to 40% of alanis morisette though.
I could stand to listen to 40% of alanis morisette though.	I could too, I never knew she was canadian, that would be a fun road trip in canada lol, have a good night!
I could too, I never knew she was canadian, that would be a fun road trip in canada lol, have a good night!	I think we should stop publicizing mass killers. That is what they want.
I think we should stop publicizing mass killers. That is what they want.	Hello, I completely agree. They shouldn't gain fame over destroying the lives of others. The families are forced to relive it over and over again.
Hello, I completely agree. They shouldn't gain fame over destroying the lives of others. The families are forced to relive it over and over again.	They want their faces splashed on every screen. They even write about it, about how the more you kill the more limelight you get.
They want their faces splashed on every screen. They even write about it, about how the more you kill the more limelight you get.	Everyone wants exposure these days, it's sad... Kinda like the TV show Shark Tank which i'm a big fan of. They have lots of people just going on asking for crazy deals just to gain exposure for there product. The exposure need crosses all lines.
Everyone wants exposure these days, it's sad... Kinda like the TV show Shark Tank which i'm a big fan of. They have lots of people just going on asking for crazy deals just to gain exposure for there product. The exposure need crosses all lines.	Yeah...Pokemon is overexposed. 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight.
Yeah...Pokemon is overexposed. 50 episodes a year for 16 years straight.	I've literally watched 2 episodes of Pokemon and never any of the real games. Do you watch much telly?
I've literally watched 2 episodes of Pokemon and never any of the real games. Do you watch much telly?	Well I prefer music. But the other day I turned on Thomas the Tank Engine and heard Ringo Starr
Well I prefer music. But the other day I turned on Thomas the Tank Engine and heard Ringo Starr	Nice crossover, Ringo in Thomas the Tank Engine! Music is universal and mixes so well into all parts of life. Speaking of which, I'll be seeing Sir Paul in concert this summer. It's the Beatles but it's close enough. I'm a big music fan as well, I always have some form of radio playing in the background.
Nice crossover, Ringo in Thomas the Tank Engine! Music is universal and mixes so well into all parts of life. Speaking of which, I'll be seeing Sir Paul in concert this summer. It's the Beatles but it's close enough. I'm a big music fan as well, I always have some form of radio playing in the background.	Watch out for Canadian radio...it's like all Rush, Celene Dion, and Bryan Adams 24/7 it seems.
Watch out for Canadian radio...it's like all Rush, Celene Dion, and Bryan Adams 24/7 it seems.	HAHA I'd rather listen to the sun! Did you know there is a radio station that actually translates the sun's solar activities allowing you to listen to music the sun makes!
HAHA I'd rather listen to the sun! Did you know there is a radio station that actually translates the sun's solar activities allowing you to listen to music the sun makes!	That's crazy. I wonder if WWII soldiers could hear it...using their foxhole radios
That's crazy. I wonder if WWII soldiers could hear it...using their foxhole radios	I doubt we had the technology at the time but that would have gotten them through the night. They were listening to old time shows like radio ventriloquists. Think about that one for a moment. You could be the worst ventriloquist ever on the radio.
I doubt we had the technology at the time but that would have gotten them through the night. They were listening to old time shows like radio ventriloquists. Think about that one for a moment. You could be the worst ventriloquist ever on the radio.	George Carlin is perfect for radio. Caught him on Tank Engine too.
George Carlin is perfect for radio. Caught him on Tank Engine too.	I really need to check out this Tank Engine show, it seems the happening place to be.
I really need to check out this Tank Engine show, it seems the happening place to be.	Alec Baldwin is there as well, giving Trump a break I guess.
Alec Baldwin is there as well, giving Trump a break I guess.	LOL crazy!!! That's almost as wild as Google's self driving cars having an aggressive mode. I bet the horn honks super aggressively.
LOL crazy!!! That's almost as wild as Google's self driving cars having an aggressive mode. I bet the horn honks super aggressively.	Maybe they are aggressively searching. I'd like to explore France in a Cadillac.
Maybe they are aggressively searching. I'd like to explore France in a Cadillac.	Did you know there is arrow next to pump symbol reminding you which side on the car the pump goes in. That is handy when renting and you're not sure.
Did you know there is arrow next to pump symbol reminding you which side on the car the pump goes in. That is handy when renting and you're not sure.	It should always be in the left side, so Micky Dees could make a drive in where you fill up too. The soldiers would appreciate it, I think. Anyway, I have to bolt like Im in a grand turismo game. Take care.
It should always be in the left side, so Micky Dees could make a drive in where you fill up too. The soldiers would appreciate it, I think. Anyway, I have to bolt like Im in a grand turismo game. Take care.	Micky Dees? Do you mean McDonalds? I worked there when I was 15, it was my first job. I walked to work each day. My parents wouldn't drive me as it was up to me to learn responsibility. I started in the winter and it was cold. I bought new gloves to keep my feet warm. Then I bought a new jacket because it was cold to walk to work. I saved up enough eventually to buy a piece of crap car. It didn't even have a radio but the horn sure did honk.
Micky Dees? Do you mean McDonalds? I worked there when I was 15, it was my first job. I walked to work each day. My parents wouldn't drive me as it was up to me to learn responsibility. I started in the winter and it was cold. I bought new gloves to keep my feet warm. Then I bought a new jacket because it was cold to walk to work. I saved up enough eventually to buy a piece of crap car. It didn't even have a radio but the horn sure did honk.	Yeah..it's slang for McDonalds...at least when I was young. However, when I was young the trunks on cars were made of wood. Nice chatting with you.
Yeah..it's slang for McDonalds...at least when I was young. However, when I was young the trunks on cars were made of wood. Nice chatting with you.	Do you like McDonalds?
Do you like McDonalds?	not really but i know they invented the drive thru
not really but i know they invented the drive thru	Yeah, I wonder why, for soldiers?
Yeah, I wonder why, for soldiers?	yeah because they were not allowed to get out of the car
yeah because they were not allowed to get out of the car	Interesting, is that a military rule?
Interesting, is that a military rule?	it used to be but it no longer is, however we still have drive thrus
it used to be but it no longer is, however we still have drive thrus	Yeah. Well what is crazy is that apparently it is legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame throwers.
Yeah. Well what is crazy is that apparently it is legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame throwers.	wow. do you listen to the radio much?
wow. do you listen to the radio much?	Not a lot, but sometimes. Apparently you can make one out of a razor blade.
Not a lot, but sometimes. Apparently you can make one out of a razor blade.	and a pencil right? like soldiers used to do
and a pencil right? like soldiers used to do	Yeah, I think you needed a pencil. You could make one, but in Canada, 40% of the music would be canadian.
Yeah, I think you needed a pencil. You could make one, but in Canada, 40% of the music would be canadian.	wow, that is a lot of radio time with just canadian music
wow, that is a lot of radio time with just canadian music	Yeah, it is. It is a law up there apparently. Talk about weird.
Yeah, it is. It is a law up there apparently. Talk about weird.	yeah, go figure. do you lke radio dramas?
yeah, go figure. do you lke radio dramas?	I do, apparently you can listen to thousands of them for free.
I do, apparently you can listen to thousands of them for free.	yeah that is so cool. do you watch much tv?
yeah that is so cool. do you watch much tv?	Yeah, I like the simpsons. Have you seen it?
Yeah, I like the simpsons. Have you seen it?	yes I love the show. bart has not appeared in only one episode apparently
yes I love the show. bart has not appeared in only one episode apparently	Interesting, I'm surprised he's even missed one, he is the whole point of the show. Well him and Homer.
Interesting, I'm surprised he's even missed one, he is the whole point of the show. Well him and Homer.	haha so true. too dumb and too funny at the same time
haha so true. too dumb and too funny at the same time	Yeah. Well at least it has been successful, unlike the remake of That 70s show that was done in the UK. Nice chatting with you.
Yeah. Well at least it has been successful, unlike the remake of That 70s show that was done in the UK. Nice chatting with you.	I really like that McDonalds added drive thru's for soldiers!
I really like that McDonalds added drive thru's for soldiers!	That is cool. I do wonder if that was the very first drive-through.
That is cool. I do wonder if that was the very first drive-through.	Thats a good question! I used to work the drive thru at McDonald's. It was not my favorite job! I liked working at a radio station better!
Thats a good question! I used to work the drive thru at McDonald's. It was not my favorite job! I liked working at a radio station better!	Yeah, fast food definitely is a difficult job to do. Nice connection to the soldier comment too, the radio thing and what not. The soldiers building a radio out of a razor blade. MacGeyver stuff
Yeah, fast food definitely is a difficult job to do. Nice connection to the soldier comment too, the radio thing and what not. The soldiers building a radio out of a razor blade. MacGeyver stuff	Yeah, i dont think i could do that . When i worked at the radio i cant remember having to play any specific amount of US music. Funny.
Yeah, i dont think i could do that . When i worked at the radio i cant remember having to play any specific amount of US music. Funny.	Agreed. That Canadian law seemed a bit restrictive. I guess it is mostly there to ensure that their citizens are exposed to their own art.
Agreed. That Canadian law seemed a bit restrictive. I guess it is mostly there to ensure that their citizens are exposed to their own art.	Thats a good thought. I would rather have Canadian music than listen to an exclusive show in latin.
Thats a good thought. I would rather have Canadian music than listen to an exclusive show in latin.	Ha! Yeah. I've traveled a lot and even have been to Finland, but never noticed that. Might not be a popular station.
Ha! Yeah. I've traveled a lot and even have been to Finland, but never noticed that. Might not be a popular station.	yeah, i dont think it gets many listeners. Even hearing the storm from Jupiter would be better than latin!
yeah, i dont think it gets many listeners. Even hearing the storm from Jupiter would be better than latin!	Mhm. Though I have to admit that I probably wouldn't know what Jupiter sounds like. Definitely not like Latin or a radio drama. :P
Mhm. Though I have to admit that I probably wouldn't know what Jupiter sounds like. Definitely not like Latin or a radio drama. :P	Yeah, i dont know what id be in for either with Jupiter. Maybe id rather listen to Thomas the train engine and see if i could pick out the ones that ringo starr narrates.
Yeah, i dont know what id be in for either with Jupiter. Maybe id rather listen to Thomas the train engine and see if i could pick out the ones that ringo starr narrates.	I actually didn't know that he OR George Carlin narrated that. That's amusing considering George Carlin's general comedy. He probably would have seemed more at home on South Park when he was alive.
I actually didn't know that he OR George Carlin narrated that. That's amusing considering George Carlin's general comedy. He probably would have seemed more at home on South Park when he was alive.	I agree, SP would have been more his style. That or maybe the simpsons!
I agree, SP would have been more his style. That or maybe the simpsons!	Hm. Simpsons seems to have had sooooo many guest starts over the years. I wouldn't be shocked if Carlin was actually on it. I'm gonna look that one up later. Still a little shocked that after 20+ seasons they only had one non-Bart appearance.
Hm. Simpsons seems to have had sooooo many guest starts over the years. I wouldn't be shocked if Carlin was actually on it. I'm gonna look that one up later. Still a little shocked that after 20+ seasons they only had one non-Bart appearance.	Thats exactly what i was thinking. Hes such a huge part of the show. I wonder which one he wasn't in .
Thats exactly what i was thinking. Hes such a huge part of the show. I wonder which one he wasn't in .	Probably took the day off or something. Speaking of taking the day off, apparently there are so many Pokemon eps that you might actually need to take a day off to marathon it.
Probably took the day off or something. Speaking of taking the day off, apparently there are so many Pokemon eps that you might actually need to take a day off to marathon it.	Im not a huge fan but i could see there being sooo many episodes. Over 750 episodes right?
Im not a huge fan but i could see there being sooo many episodes. Over 750 episodes right?	Almost as many as there are Pokemon!
Almost as many as there are Pokemon!	Ah, i dont even know how many their are! You gotta catch em all!
Ah, i dont even know how many their are! You gotta catch em all!	Yeah I think that both Simpsons, South Park, and Pokemon, and Thomas are definitely some of the longest running shows. Interesting connection there.
Yeah I think that both Simpsons, South Park, and Pokemon, and Thomas are definitely some of the longest running shows. Interesting connection there.	It is! have a great Day!
It is! have a great Day!	You too
You too	Thanks!
Thanks!	np
np	Do you ever watch The Bachelorette?
Do you ever watch The Bachelorette?	No never! Anything interesting about it.
No never! Anything interesting about it.	I don't watch it either, but apparently one of the episodes was interrupted with footage of Trump and the North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
I don't watch it either, but apparently one of the episodes was interrupted with footage of Trump and the North Korean leader Kim Jong Un	SNL did a skit about that i think. People were not happy about that interruption.
SNL did a skit about that i think. People were not happy about that interruption.	It is pretty funny that people are comparing the meeting to the show it interrupted. It definitely affects the world more than that episode would have
It is pretty funny that people are comparing the meeting to the show it interrupted. It definitely affects the world more than that episode would have	True...I guess people are just tired of being manipulated and lied to. I'm mean the whole thing is like one big reality TV show and i guess they like the Bachelorette more.
True...I guess people are just tired of being manipulated and lied to. I'm mean the whole thing is like one big reality TV show and i guess they like the Bachelorette more.	Right. Whereas the people who care more about politics probably weren't even watching the show. It must be interesting to watch several guys vying for one girl's attention. One of the guys fell off a top bunk and ended up in the hospital
Right. Whereas the people who care more about politics probably weren't even watching the show. It must be interesting to watch several guys vying for one girl's attention. One of the guys fell off a top bunk and ended up in the hospital	I agree wholeheartedly with you. I think both shows are degrading the one for the men and the one for the women. Who knows where will will end up with this nonsense. on a lighter note the visiting locker room for Iowa state university is painted pink.
I agree wholeheartedly with you. I think both shows are degrading the one for the men and the one for the women. Who knows where will will end up with this nonsense. on a lighter note the visiting locker room for Iowa state university is painted pink.	That's pretty awesome. What's also funny is that in the 50s, the top bowlers made more money than top football players
That's pretty awesome. What's also funny is that in the 50s, the top bowlers made more money than top football players	That is interesting. I think it was at least twice as much. I heard in the 60's there was a game played and the score was 222-0. I would not have wanted to be on the bus home for the losing team.
That is interesting. I think it was at least twice as much. I heard in the 60's there was a game played and the score was 222-0. I would not have wanted to be on the bus home for the losing team.	That's a lot of touchdowns! Especially considering how the points are calculated. There's a former Patriots player who never fumbled the ball in his career
That's a lot of touchdowns! Especially considering how the points are calculated. There's a former Patriots player who never fumbled the ball in his career	How long was his career? ha ha! There has only been one Quarterback that was left handed.
How long was his career? ha ha! There has only been one Quarterback that was left handed.	I've heard that! Another funny aspect of football is that the superimposed yellow line for the first down won ESPN an Emmy
I've heard that! Another funny aspect of football is that the superimposed yellow line for the first down won ESPN an Emmy	You know i gotta say they deserve it i was very appreciative of that line. Correction that high scoring game was played in 1916 by Georgia Tech and Cumberland.
You know i gotta say they deserve it i was very appreciative of that line. Correction that high scoring game was played in 1916 by Georgia Tech and Cumberland.	It would be in college football. It's interesting how the interpretation of the name depends on the region. In some countries, football is understood as what Americans know as soccer
It would be in college football. It's interesting how the interpretation of the name depends on the region. In some countries, football is understood as what Americans know as soccer	Yeah you're right and in others like Australia it's considered Rugby.
Yeah you're right and in others like Australia it's considered Rugby.	I think there's a difference between rugby and Australian rules football. There's even a variation known as Gaelic football
I think there's a difference between rugby and Australian rules football. There's even a variation known as Gaelic football	Yeah apparently there are so many different variations that they have football codes. You know Trump with all his money doesn't rate as one of the wealthiest presidents.
Yeah apparently there are so many different variations that they have football codes. You know Trump with all his money doesn't rate as one of the wealthiest presidents.	I guess JFK, Washington, and Jefferson all had more money. I wonder if with Washington and Jefferson, they had to calculate the hundreds of years of inflation to figure that out
I guess JFK, Washington, and Jefferson all had more money. I wonder if with Washington and Jefferson, they had to calculate the hundreds of years of inflation to figure that out	Probably, Can you imagine Trump and Hillary Pres & VP. Apparently thats the way it was the runner up was automatically the VP.
Probably, Can you imagine Trump and Hillary Pres & VP. Apparently thats the way it was the runner up was automatically the VP.	I'm glad things have changed since then. It would be strange to live in a house knowing it would only last 4-8 years, but apparently the guest house is larger anyway
I'm glad things have changed since then. It would be strange to live in a house knowing it would only last 4-8 years, but apparently the guest house is larger anyway	Hello, do you like football?
Hello, do you like football?	I watch it every now and then, this latest Superbowl was very boring though.
I watch it every now and then, this latest Superbowl was very boring though.	I didnt watch the latest one. Thats too bad. Did you know bowlers in the 60's made almost twice as much as football players?
I didnt watch the latest one. Thats too bad. Did you know bowlers in the 60's made almost twice as much as football players?	Yeah and the university of Iowas locker room is all pink for visiting teams haha!
Yeah and the university of Iowas locker room is all pink for visiting teams haha!	Thats cool, probably some scare tactic or mind game.
Thats cool, probably some scare tactic or mind game.	And did you know that patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled a football in his entire nfl career?
And did you know that patriots rb benjarvus green-ellis never fumbled a football in his entire nfl career?	Yeah I read that, that is amazing!! That has to be some kind of record lol
Yeah I read that, that is amazing!! That has to be some kind of record lol	Espn won an award for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line in american football, that's pretty cool.
Espn won an award for the creation of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line in american football, that's pretty cool.	That line is really helpful for people at home!
That line is really helpful for people at home!	So how do you feel about Kim Jong Un?
So how do you feel about Kim Jong Un?	Not a fan lol I think its funny that no one knows how old he actually is.
Not a fan lol I think its funny that no one knows how old he actually is.	If I had to venture a guess I would say early thirties, but that's just a guess and he isn't telling lol, he claims to have learned to drive at age 3.
If I had to venture a guess I would say early thirties, but that's just a guess and he isn't telling lol, he claims to have learned to drive at age 3.	Yeah it says he was born in 1983, but Korea has a different way of aging people. So when you are born in Korea, you are already one year old, and the first year you have a korean new years, you are 2 years old lol
Yeah it says he was born in 1983, but Korea has a different way of aging people. So when you are born in Korea, you are already one year old, and the first year you have a korean new years, you are 2 years old lol	Did you know The onion voted Kim jong Un as the sexiest man alive and the Chinese believes it? Talk about gullible ha!
Did you know The onion voted Kim jong Un as the sexiest man alive and the Chinese believes it? Talk about gullible ha!	Who is the onion?
Who is the onion?	The Onion is an online news website that only post satire and joke news, so everything they report is fake, but a lot of people fall for it all the time, especially on Facebook.
The Onion is an online news website that only post satire and joke news, so everything they report is fake, but a lot of people fall for it all the time, especially on Facebook.	oooooh weird. Yeah I dont believe he learned to drive at age 3 either!
oooooh weird. Yeah I dont believe he learned to drive at age 3 either!	He also has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous leaders like stalin did.
He also has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous leaders like stalin did.	Seriously! Apparently north korea is undergoing renovations of their theme parks under his orders.....priorities lol
Seriously! Apparently north korea is undergoing renovations of their theme parks under his orders.....priorities lol	That is if the theme parks even exist at all! since they don't let anyone in to see we will never know.
That is if the theme parks even exist at all! since they don't let anyone in to see we will never know.	Ah thats true, it could be all lies! North Korea is a country I don't prefer to visit
Ah thats true, it could be all lies! North Korea is a country I don't prefer to visit	Yeah, well it was nice chatting with you, have a good night.
Yeah, well it was nice chatting with you, have a good night.	Did you realize Kim Jong Un was born in 1983?
Did you realize Kim Jong Un was born in 1983?	I did not, he's only one year older than me. One month, and one year to be precise.
I did not, he's only one year older than me. One month, and one year to be precise.	He is 9 months older than me. Hes been running a country since 2011. What have I been doing with my life.. lol
He is 9 months older than me. Hes been running a country since 2011. What have I been doing with my life.. lol	He's running a country while his older brother is going to Eric Clapton concerts. That doesn't seem right.
He's running a country while his older brother is going to Eric Clapton concerts. That doesn't seem right.	I wonder why his older brother didnt take over for their father, or is it not like that?
I wonder why his older brother didnt take over for their father, or is it not like that?	I'm not sure. His half brother was favored to be the heir but fell out of favor when he was caught with a fake passport trying to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
I'm not sure. His half brother was favored to be the heir but fell out of favor when he was caught with a fake passport trying to enter Tokyo Disneyland.	He is pretty violent, he even ordered his own Uncle to be executed.
He is pretty violent, he even ordered his own Uncle to be executed.	I wonder if his uncle was a barber. I heard he cuts his own hair because he is scared of barbers.
I wonder if his uncle was a barber. I heard he cuts his own hair because he is scared of barbers.	Is that a fear from childhood? It seems odd that one wouldnt overcome something like that.
Is that a fear from childhood? It seems odd that one wouldnt overcome something like that.	It is kind of odd. I wonder if he watched Sweeny Todd? I heard that he is renovating their theme parks.
It is kind of odd. I wonder if he watched Sweeny Todd? I heard that he is renovating their theme parks.	Then he just has to avoid Fleet Street, and hes all good!
Then he just has to avoid Fleet Street, and hes all good!	That is right! It is good that him and Trump have been having talks. That hasn't happened in years.
That is right! It is good that him and Trump have been having talks. That hasn't happened in years.	Hopefully those talks are productive and are good for the US.
Hopefully those talks are productive and are good for the US.	I hope so too. Did you know that the only US President to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson? I guess you don't have to be scholarly to be President.
I hope so too. Did you know that the only US President to have a PHD is Woodrow Wilson? I guess you don't have to be scholarly to be President.	I think our current president really proves that one.
I think our current president really proves that one.	I agree with that. Did you know that 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote? The greatest margin was 10%.
I agree with that. Did you know that 5 presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote? The greatest margin was 10%.	Wow, I knew some lost the popular vote, but never knew the margin got that big. Thats pretty incredible.
Wow, I knew some lost the popular vote, but never knew the margin got that big. Thats pretty incredible.	Yeah it is. Did you know Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and can you guess who else was in that photo?
Yeah it is. Did you know Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration and can you guess who else was in that photo?	It was John WIlkes Booth! How creepy.
It was John WIlkes Booth! How creepy.	That is pretty creepy!
That is pretty creepy!	I am curious to see where he was positioned in the photo, it is just so odd.
I am curious to see where he was positioned in the photo, it is just so odd.	I would like to see that too. I'm going to have to research it.
I would like to see that too. I'm going to have to research it.	I mean, was the assassination planed out further than we think? I wonder if they are in other photos together too.
I mean, was the assassination planed out further than we think? I wonder if they are in other photos together too.	I'm not sure, it is kind of eerie. Well I think I am going to have to go look into this now. I hope you have a good night!
I'm not sure, it is kind of eerie. Well I think I am going to have to go look into this now. I hope you have a good night!	Hello. Do watch any NFL games?
Hello. Do watch any NFL games?	Yes, I'm a Chiefs fan. I was surprised that the NFL has no rules against women playing. Go girls!
Yes, I'm a Chiefs fan. I was surprised that the NFL has no rules against women playing. Go girls!	It is surprising. Seeing as how no women play yet I assumed they did have rules against it.
It is surprising. Seeing as how no women play yet I assumed they did have rules against it.	I also can't believe that there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an average NFL game.
I also can't believe that there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in an average NFL game.	Is that right? It seems like much longer. I mean, I know there's a lot of commercials and such but it still seems like the actual plays take a while and are more frequent.
Is that right? It seems like much longer. I mean, I know there's a lot of commercials and such but it still seems like the actual plays take a while and are more frequent.	I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around but that seems like too little time. Maybe tracking chips in shoulder pads will help keep track of time better?
I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around but that seems like too little time. Maybe tracking chips in shoulder pads will help keep track of time better?	Oh yeah, I've heard about that. They are used to track a players every move on the field. They are even in the footballs to track it's movements. Do you think the teams get and use any of the information recorded?
Oh yeah, I've heard about that. They are used to track a players every move on the field. They are even in the footballs to track it's movements. Do you think the teams get and use any of the information recorded?	Probably... Do you watch basketball? In 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach.
Probably... Do you watch basketball? In 39 of 50 states, the highest paid state employee is a college football or basketball coach.	I watch some basketball but more football actually. College football and basketball is great to watch! Did you ever hear about the dunk shot being banned from college basketball for a while?
I watch some basketball but more football actually. College football and basketball is great to watch! Did you ever hear about the dunk shot being banned from college basketball for a while?	I think so... Kareem... Is it racist for New Zealand to call their basketball team the "Tall Blacks". It would be in the U.S. whether it was meant to be or not.
I think so... Kareem... Is it racist for New Zealand to call their basketball team the "Tall Blacks". It would be in the U.S. whether it was meant to be or not.	I don' t think it's racist. If the team is made up of tall people that are black then it is just descriptive. What do you think?
I don' t think it's racist. If the team is made up of tall people that are black then it is just descriptive. What do you think?	I agree. I didn't know there was a basketball court on the top of the US Supreme Court building. Dunk one Ruth Bader Ginsberg!
I agree. I didn't know there was a basketball court on the top of the US Supreme Court building. Dunk one Ruth Bader Ginsberg!	Yep! It's called the highest court in the land. Somehow I have a hard time picturing a lot of the justices playing, not just her.
Yep! It's called the highest court in the land. Somehow I have a hard time picturing a lot of the justices playing, not just her.	I sometimes have a hard time picturing them actually following the US Constitution. Do you keep track of NFL QBs? Alex Smith must be smart. He quizzed out of his first two years of college.
I sometimes have a hard time picturing them actually following the US Constitution. Do you keep track of NFL QBs? Alex Smith must be smart. He quizzed out of his first two years of college.	I didn't know that about him. I know he's a good quarterback though. Baker Mayfield has some talent off the field as well. He considered being a pro gamer instead of quarterback.
I didn't know that about him. I know he's a good quarterback though. Baker Mayfield has some talent off the field as well. He considered being a pro gamer instead of quarterback.	I remember the circular huddle. I didn't know that a deaf QB was its origin.
I remember the circular huddle. I didn't know that a deaf QB was its origin.	Oh yeah, someone told me that recently. A team didn't want the other team to read his hand signals so they huddled up and the huddle was born.
Oh yeah, someone told me that recently. A team didn't want the other team to read his hand signals so they huddled up and the huddle was born.	I always thought it just to communicate verbally better. Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QA in the NFL?
I always thought it just to communicate verbally better. Did you know that Kellan Moore is the only left-handed QA in the NFL?	No I didn't. To be honest though, I've never paid attention to what hand they throw the ball out of.
No I didn't. To be honest though, I've never paid attention to what hand they throw the ball out of.	Me either. Times have changed with an NFL QB has to decide between football and video games. Such is the plight for Baker Mayfield...
Me either. Times have changed with an NFL QB has to decide between football and video games. Such is the plight for Baker Mayfield...	He's just a super competitive person. I imagine he'd be great either way. Well, it's been nice chatting with you! Have a great day!
He's just a super competitive person. I imagine he'd be great either way. Well, it's been nice chatting with you! Have a great day!	Hello, do you watch the NFL?
Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi I sure do. Did you know women can play too?
Hi I sure do. Did you know women can play too?	Yeah that is nice that there is no written rule against that, if you make the cut you play
Yeah that is nice that there is no written rule against that, if you make the cut you play	Yeah that is true. Did you know the average game has only 11 minutes of active play
Yeah that is true. Did you know the average game has only 11 minutes of active play	Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours waiting for it to end
Yeah and yet we are glued to the tv for hours waiting for it to end	Ah the irony if it. And engineers seems to make more money on the long run than them
Ah the irony if it. And engineers seems to make more money on the long run than them	Yes, their careers are much longer so I guess that makes sense
Yes, their careers are much longer so I guess that makes sense	Good point. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?
Good point. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Oh about not being able to eat in the same place as the players?
Oh about not being able to eat in the same place as the players?	Yeah that is so sexist and outdated and I really think it needs to go now
Yeah that is so sexist and outdated and I really think it needs to go now	Yes and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
Yes and the worst part is that they have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes pretty rough.They are using tracking chips on the players now it seems
Yes pretty rough.They are using tracking chips on the players now it seems	Yeah and they are tracing velocity and speed and a bunch of other stuff with those
Yeah and they are tracing velocity and speed and a bunch of other stuff with those	Yeah , I hope they can use those to make the game safer for the players too
Yeah , I hope they can use those to make the game safer for the players too	I hope so too How about basketball, watch it much?
I hope so too How about basketball, watch it much?	Sometimes I do. Do you know who made the dunk shot popular?
Sometimes I do. Do you know who made the dunk shot popular?	Yes it was Kareem but he was also the reason why it was banned for a few years
Yes it was Kareem but he was also the reason why it was banned for a few years	Yeah that is true, he was just too good at it and it was for a good chunk, 10 years
Yeah that is true, he was just too good at it and it was for a good chunk, 10 years	Yeah. Do you know who invented the sport of basketball?
Yeah. Do you know who invented the sport of basketball?	Yes it was James Naismith and he is also the only losing coach at U of Kansas
Yes it was James Naismith and he is also the only losing coach at U of Kansas	Wow what an irony really. The coaches are the highest paid though as far as state employees go
Wow what an irony really. The coaches are the highest paid though as far as state employees go	That is true in most states. have you heard of the highest court in the land?
That is true in most states. have you heard of the highest court in the land?	Hi
Hi	Hi there. Are you a sports fan?
Hi there. Are you a sports fan?	Yes i like football do like football
Yes i like football do like football	I liked it a lot in High school but tickets are so expensive now, so I just watch it on tv. I'm still wondering when a woman will start playing, since it isn't against the rules.
I liked it a lot in High school but tickets are so expensive now, so I just watch it on tv. I'm still wondering when a woman will start playing, since it isn't against the rules.	yeah me too i stop seeing NFL on TV not trying to get tickets
yeah me too i stop seeing NFL on TV not trying to get tickets	I guess the most logical place for a women to start would be as a kicker. Since the average game has only 11 minutes of live play, the kicker must only play for about 2 minutes a game!
I guess the most logical place for a women to start would be as a kicker. Since the average game has only 11 minutes of live play, the kicker must only play for about 2 minutes a game!	do you have favorite NFL team where we can add a kicker
do you have favorite NFL team where we can add a kicker	I like the Cowboys and the Falcons. I was surprised to see that engineers make more than football players over their life time. I guess because most only play for a few years before they get hurt.
I like the Cowboys and the Falcons. I was surprised to see that engineers make more than football players over their life time. I guess because most only play for a few years before they get hurt.	i like Redskins
i like Redskins	Why do you think the Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in? What's their reasoning?
Why do you think the Saints cheerleaders have to leave a restaurant if a player comes in? What's their reasoning?	to avoid any gossip s and controversy probably
to avoid any gossip s and controversy probably	But why doesn't the player have to leave if the cheerleader comes in? It isn't fair. It's discrimination, don't you think?
But why doesn't the player have to leave if the cheerleader comes in? It isn't fair. It's discrimination, don't you think?	Totally unfair . But the NFL has business motives.
Totally unfair . But the NFL has business motives.	Did you study about James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, in school. I did and for some reason, I an still remember that name, even though I've never been a basketball fan. Funny that he was a the only losing coach at UK!
Did you study about James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, in school. I did and for some reason, I an still remember that name, even though I've never been a basketball fan. Funny that he was a the only losing coach at UK!	i think he lost the match as a coach in kansas ,he is the only one to lose i guess
i think he lost the match as a coach in kansas ,he is the only one to lose i guess	He didn't lose a match, he was the only losing coach in their history. That means he never had a season where they won more than they lost. I guess you don't know much about basketball either.
He didn't lose a match, he was the only losing coach in their history. That means he never had a season where they won more than they lost. I guess you don't know much about basketball either.	yep poor me . but i know one thing there is a basket ball court on top of US supreme court building
yep poor me . but i know one thing there is a basket ball court on top of US supreme court building	Right! That is funny, 'the highest court in the land'. That's a good basketball joke. I wonder if the justices actually play up there in their robes, Ha Ha!
Right! That is funny, 'the highest court in the land'. That's a good basketball joke. I wonder if the justices actually play up there in their robes, Ha Ha!	I guess its safe till there is no football court above supreme court. They have to handle quarterbacks .. much worse
I guess its safe till there is no football court above supreme court. They have to handle quarterbacks .. much worse	I don't know why the New Zealand basketball team is named the Tall Blacks. Do you?
I don't know why the New Zealand basketball team is named the Tall Blacks. Do you?	Not sure .. but they are associated with black uniforms in other sports too
Not sure .. but they are associated with black uniforms in other sports too	I never thought about New Zelanders being tall. Oh well. Funny that Tom Brady was a backup quarter back that Never got into a game, in high school! Boy, I bet they wish they could change that.
I never thought about New Zelanders being tall. Oh well. Funny that Tom Brady was a backup quarter back that Never got into a game, in high school! Boy, I bet they wish they could change that.	what a history of 4 time superbowl champion
what a history of 4 time superbowl champion	Hi there, are you a football fan?
Hi there, are you a football fan?	I was a big fan, age and other concerns have made me stop and you? I was reading about Adrian Peterson.
I was a big fan, age and other concerns have made me stop and you? I was reading about Adrian Peterson.	Me too. I'm a Viking fan who is a bit conflicted about AP.
Me too. I'm a Viking fan who is a bit conflicted about AP.	hahahah why?
hahahah why?	He was really fun to watch before I learned about his child abuse story.
He was really fun to watch before I learned about his child abuse story.	Wow, was he abused? so sorry about that.
Wow, was he abused? so sorry about that.	No, he abused his son. He did play well last season though.
No, he abused his son. He did play well last season though.	Wow! so terrible news. Perhaps he was abused, too. You know, those things happens as a cycle. I love quaterbacks, do you happen to have a favorite?
Wow! so terrible news. Perhaps he was abused, too. You know, those things happens as a cycle. I love quaterbacks, do you happen to have a favorite?	Favorite to watch might be Aaron Rodgers at his best. How about you>
Favorite to watch might be Aaron Rodgers at his best. How about you>	hahaha it was a long time ago Stabler, did you know him?
hahaha it was a long time ago Stabler, did you know him?	Was stabler a cowboy?
Was stabler a cowboy?	No, from the evil Oakland's Raiders, perhaps you are too young. I think they are the most important player in the game, well, as well as receivers, etc. etc.
No, from the evil Oakland's Raiders, perhaps you are too young. I think they are the most important player in the game, well, as well as receivers, etc. etc.	Definitely. Crazy to think that Alex Smith worked to get a Masters Degree after getting a BA in just two years
Definitely. Crazy to think that Alex Smith worked to get a Masters Degree after getting a BA in just two years	He really worked hard. And he began working on a masters degree!
He really worked hard. And he began working on a masters degree!	Has to do something after football, and he broke his leg badly this year so he might be done.
Has to do something after football, and he broke his leg badly this year so he might be done.	Well, but sure he has a lot of money left. I never knew that the circular huddle was invented for a deaft quaterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals, cool!
Well, but sure he has a lot of money left. I never knew that the circular huddle was invented for a deaft quaterback, so the other team could not read his hand signals, cool!	Now they use both headsts and hand signals.
Now they use both headsts and hand signals.	Did you know that the New Zealand's basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"? I should google why later.
Did you know that the New Zealand's basketball team are nicknamed the "tall blacks"? I should google why later.	Maybe they are referring to coffee
Maybe they are referring to coffee	You are right. I dont know, I like to investigate things, I will do it later, reading that the inventor of basketball James Naismith is the only losing coach in Kansas History. Poor guy!
You are right. I dont know, I like to investigate things, I will do it later, reading that the inventor of basketball James Naismith is the only losing coach in Kansas History. Poor guy!	Interesting!
Interesting!	What's your favorite thing to watch on TV? I really like comedy shows.
What's your favorite thing to watch on TV? I really like comedy shows.	I enjoy reality shows. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank Engine? I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have narrated
I enjoy reality shows. Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank Engine? I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have narrated	I like those shows, too! I've never seen much of the Thomas show. It must be very popular if those guys are involved. Maybe they'll have the President narrate sometime?
I like those shows, too! I've never seen much of the Thomas show. It must be very popular if those guys are involved. Maybe they'll have the President narrate sometime?	Yes, that would be neat. I saw that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned
Yes, that would be neat. I saw that there is only one episode of "The Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned	I watched the Simpon's a lot when I was younger. I think they've even done parodies of some of the US Presidents on that show. South Park was another good comedy cartoon TV show.
I watched the Simpon's a lot when I was younger. I think they've even done parodies of some of the US Presidents on that show. South Park was another good comedy cartoon TV show.	Yes I saw that when they aired their last episode that the Simpsons crew sent them flowers
Yes I saw that when they aired their last episode that the Simpsons crew sent them flowers	That's really nice! Do you think they ever watch the Simpson's at the President's house? Like his family and stuff?
That's really nice! Do you think they ever watch the Simpson's at the President's house? Like his family and stuff?	Im not sure but I saw that the top three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
Im not sure but I saw that the top three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson	Oh yes! Did you hear of the President of Indonesia and his three pop albums?
Oh yes! Did you hear of the President of Indonesia and his three pop albums?	lol, thats funny. I saw though that the first president of Zimbabwe was ccalled President Banana
lol, thats funny. I saw though that the first president of Zimbabwe was ccalled President Banana	I wonder if President Banana had a feast of banana dishes and puddings at his inauguration? Does the US President still have a produce garden at the white house?
I wonder if President Banana had a feast of banana dishes and puddings at his inauguration? Does the US President still have a produce garden at the white house?	I am not sure about that but that would be nice. Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House
I am not sure about that but that would be nice. Did you know that the US presidents guest house is larger than the White House	That's pretty amazing! Was there ever a President to have his home on that MTV Cribs show?
That's pretty amazing! Was there ever a President to have his home on that MTV Cribs show?	That would be interesting. Until 1805 in the US the runner up in a presidential elecction automatically became Vice President
That would be interesting. Until 1805 in the US the runner up in a presidential elecction automatically became Vice President	Do you think that's better than how they do the separate elections now? Do you think Trump would have wanted it to be Hillary as Vice? lol
Do you think that's better than how they do the separate elections now? Do you think Trump would have wanted it to be Hillary as Vice? lol	Wow that would have been an interesting match up. LOL. Do you enjoy music? I saw something about two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when turned 100 years old in 1992
Wow that would have been an interesting match up. LOL. Do you enjoy music? I saw something about two identical twins from Japan released a rap album when turned 100 years old in 1992	Have you heard about Do Nguyen Mai Khoi? She's the Vietnamese pop star that ran for President to raise awareness.
Have you heard about Do Nguyen Mai Khoi? She's the Vietnamese pop star that ran for President to raise awareness.	I didn't know about that. I just read that even though this album was released over 40 years ago "The Dark Side of the Moon" is still one of the best selling albums of 2014
I didn't know about that. I just read that even though this album was released over 40 years ago "The Dark Side of the Moon" is still one of the best selling albums of 2014	Yes, such a great classic album; I've enjoyed listening to it many times! I was just gonna say that you should look that pop singer up. I wish America would have someone like her to actually run.
Yes, such a great classic album; I've enjoyed listening to it many times! I was just gonna say that you should look that pop singer up. I wish America would have someone like her to actually run.	Did you know that Linkin Parks "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century.
Did you know that Linkin Parks "Hybrid Theory" is the best selling album of the 21st century.	Wow, I would not have guessed that, although I do like them. I once saw them live on some TV special. They have quite a few good albums.
Wow, I would not have guessed that, although I do like them. I once saw them live on some TV special. They have quite a few good albums.	Have you heard about singer Mai Khoi?
Have you heard about singer Mai Khoi?	Is she that Vietnamese pop star that only performs in secret? I just read an article about her.
Is she that Vietnamese pop star that only performs in secret? I just read an article about her.	Yes, that is her. I am glad she finally got to play some shows in Brooklyn.
Yes, that is her. I am glad she finally got to play some shows in Brooklyn.	That is cool. Did you know she ran for political office in Vietnam?
That is cool. Did you know she ran for political office in Vietnam?	Interesting. Was that when she won the prize for Creative Dissent?
Interesting. Was that when she won the prize for Creative Dissent?	I do not think it was. I think it was more for her lyrics.
I do not think it was. I think it was more for her lyrics.	I would like to check out her album Dissent sometimes.
I would like to check out her album Dissent sometimes.	Did you know that unless one has the backing of the Communist party in Vietnam, there is no chance of winning an election?
Did you know that unless one has the backing of the Communist party in Vietnam, there is no chance of winning an election?	I am glad many places are republics with a President.
I am glad many places are republics with a President.	Me too. Speaking of presidents, did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration?
Me too. Speaking of presidents, did you know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration?	That is interesting. I wonder if JFK was photographed more frequently since he is so wealthy.
That is interesting. I wonder if JFK was photographed more frequently since he is so wealthy.	Maybe. Did you know that John Wilkes booth was also in that picture?
Maybe. Did you know that John Wilkes booth was also in that picture?	Nope, did not know that. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!
Nope, did not know that. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana!	Really that is kind of awesome! Did you know the only US president to have a Ph. D. was Woodrow Wilson?
Really that is kind of awesome! Did you know the only US president to have a Ph. D. was Woodrow Wilson?	Must have been a smart guy. Today he would probably appear on television.
Must have been a smart guy. Today he would probably appear on television.	Probably would. Since you brought up TV, did you know that the skit "Weekend Update" on SNL is their longest running skit?
Probably would. Since you brought up TV, did you know that the skit "Weekend Update" on SNL is their longest running skit?	That is interesting. It has been around longer than "The Simpsons", which is quite an accomplishment!
That is interesting. It has been around longer than "The Simpsons", which is quite an accomplishment!	That is true! Did you know that in the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons, Homer has had 188 jobs?
That is true! Did you know that in the first 400 episodes of The Simpsons, Homer has had 188 jobs?	Pretty funny. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart is not present and doesn't even get mentioned!
Pretty funny. There is only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart is not present and doesn't even get mentioned!	Really, I had not idea. Did you know that in the episode Treehouse of Horror XXI Daniel Radcliffe voiced the parody of Edward Cullen?
Really, I had not idea. Did you know that in the episode Treehouse of Horror XXI Daniel Radcliffe voiced the parody of Edward Cullen?	Pretty amazing. I think I will go watch that South Park episode admired by the Simpsons crew!
Pretty amazing. I think I will go watch that South Park episode admired by the Simpsons crew!	That is cool. Nice chatting with you have a good day!
That is cool. Nice chatting with you have a good day!	Have you heard of Do Nguyen Mai Khoi?
Have you heard of Do Nguyen Mai Khoi?	No, who is he?
No, who is he?	She is a Vietnamese pop star that is considered an enemy of the state due to her song lyrics.
She is a Vietnamese pop star that is considered an enemy of the state due to her song lyrics.	That's interesting. I do know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for 914 weeks.
That's interesting. I do know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for 914 weeks.	Really! I had no idea! What do you think of Linkin Park's album being the best selling of the 21st century?
Really! I had no idea! What do you think of Linkin Park's album being the best selling of the 21st century?	I never would have thought of that. I would've thought it would be Jackson or Elvis. That is one of my favorite bands. I am still shocked and sad the lead singer commited suicide.
I never would have thought of that. I would've thought it would be Jackson or Elvis. That is one of my favorite bands. I am still shocked and sad the lead singer commited suicide.	I know, that was a big shock. Record album charts are a strange thing indeed. I mean, Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums.
I know, that was a big shock. Record album charts are a strange thing indeed. I mean, Dark Side of the Moon is still one of the best selling albums.	Floyd is another one of my favorite bands. Do you like Aerosmith? I heard they made more money from the video game guitar hero than any of their albums.
Floyd is another one of my favorite bands. Do you like Aerosmith? I heard they made more money from the video game guitar hero than any of their albums.	I do and I've heard that too! I guess it's just a sign of the times changing. Vinyl LPs are hardly sold anymore.
I do and I've heard that too! I guess it's just a sign of the times changing. Vinyl LPs are hardly sold anymore.	I had them when I was younger. My wife and I finally trashed them because they were so heavy when the boxes were full of them when we moved to new houses. Wish we hadn't would probably make a lot of money selling them today.
I had them when I was younger. My wife and I finally trashed them because they were so heavy when the boxes were full of them when we moved to new houses. Wish we hadn't would probably make a lot of money selling them today.	You probably would have. They are collectors items to some people. Some of the really old ones are 78-rpm records in a book.
You probably would have. They are collectors items to some people. Some of the really old ones are 78-rpm records in a book.	I never had them. I had the 35s when I was really young as a kid. Did you know Walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if the artist won't make one they won't sell it?
I never had them. I had the 35s when I was really young as a kid. Did you know Walmart only sells clean versions of albums and if the artist won't make one they won't sell it?	I knew they banned certain magazines and books but not albums. I guess that can be a good thing when you think of all of the kids in the stores.
I knew they banned certain magazines and books but not albums. I guess that can be a good thing when you think of all of the kids in the stores.	I had audio cassettes from the 70s into the first decade of the 2000s. But got rid of them too. I think it is neat that you can just tell Siri to play a song and she'll play the song. World is a lot different from when I was a kid.
I had audio cassettes from the 70s into the first decade of the 2000s. But got rid of them too. I think it is neat that you can just tell Siri to play a song and she'll play the song. World is a lot different from when I was a kid.	I hear you there. Now, even elected officials make albums. I mean, the president of indonesia made 3 pop albums.
I hear you there. Now, even elected officials make albums. I mean, the president of indonesia made 3 pop albums.	Wonder if an audiobook is considered an an album. If so the audio version of the Art of the Deal would be his. Don't think any other sitting presidents have albums.
Wonder if an audiobook is considered an an album. If so the audio version of the Art of the Deal would be his. Don't think any other sitting presidents have albums.	None come to mind at the moment. Presidents have different functions though depending on the form of government so that president may have a lighter role than others.
None come to mind at the moment. Presidents have different functions though depending on the form of government so that president may have a lighter role than others.	I was surprised that five US presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. The greatest margin was 10%.
I was surprised that five US presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote. The greatest margin was 10%.	Even more surprising is that the runner up used to become the vice president.
Even more surprising is that the runner up used to become the vice president.	Wow, can you imagine Trump and Hillary working together? That would've been crazy. SNL would have a blast with that. Did you know Weekend Update was on the first episode and is their longest running skit?
Wow, can you imagine Trump and Hillary working together? That would've been crazy. SNL would have a blast with that. Did you know Weekend Update was on the first episode and is their longest running skit?	No but I think that's their best one. I like that Pokemon has over 750 episodes.
No but I think that's their best one. I like that Pokemon has over 750 episodes.	hey there what is your favorite music album?
hey there what is your favorite music album?	I enjoy listening to most albums such as the dark side of the moon or Frank sinatra's hits like fly me to the moon
I enjoy listening to most albums such as the dark side of the moon or Frank sinatra's hits like fly me to the moon	oh ya Pink floyd is awesome! I'm glad that ya dark side of the moon is still a best selling record even today
oh ya Pink floyd is awesome! I'm glad that ya dark side of the moon is still a best selling record even today	I think great music is timeless and always appreciated by future generations
I think great music is timeless and always appreciated by future generations	ya I think so, did you hear about the Japanese 100 year old rapping twins?
ya I think so, did you hear about the Japanese 100 year old rapping twins?	I bit. Tell me more
I bit. Tell me more	well they made an album when they both turned 100, its a rap album and came out in 1992, it sounds wacky to me
well they made an album when they both turned 100, its a rap album and came out in 1992, it sounds wacky to me	It is cool those twins did something memorable together, though I have no clue how the music itself was. I wonder if they aired an accompanying music video on tv
It is cool those twins did something memorable together, though I have no clue how the music itself was. I wonder if they aired an accompanying music video on tv	ya I agree, I bet it was nowhere near as good as NWA's straight outta compton
ya I agree, I bet it was nowhere near as good as NWA's straight outta compton	Do you watch anything lately on tv?
Do you watch anything lately on tv?	well I always watch south park and I have seen Stranger things and Game of thrones, what about you?
well I always watch south park and I have seen Stranger things and Game of thrones, what about you?	I also enjoy south park. I recently went back to see the 70's show and part of the simpsons
I also enjoy south park. I recently went back to see the 70's show and part of the simpsons	ya I want to watch that one episode of the simpsons, you know where bart doesnt appear at all
ya I want to watch that one episode of the simpsons, you know where bart doesnt appear at all	Not really, but I am sure you could look it up. I personally like the episode with the 3 eyed fish
Not really, but I am sure you could look it up. I personally like the episode with the 3 eyed fish	oh ya I remember that, Blinky was his name, did you ever watch pokemon?
oh ya I remember that, Blinky was his name, did you ever watch pokemon?	Yes I used to watch it on kids WB. I wonder how many episodes they have now. It is still continuing
Yes I used to watch it on kids WB. I wonder how many episodes they have now. It is still continuing	oh its probably like 800, I would never be able to catch up and thus "catch em all" haha
oh its probably like 800, I would never be able to catch up and thus "catch em all" haha	I think they actually passed 1000 a while ago. In any case, it is one show that would be hard to binge watch in one sitting
I think they actually passed 1000 a while ago. In any case, it is one show that would be hard to binge watch in one sitting	oh for sure, did you ever watch that 70s show? I binged some of that the other day
oh for sure, did you ever watch that 70s show? I binged some of that the other day	I do enjoy it. It is too bad the UK remake was canceled so early
I do enjoy it. It is too bad the UK remake was canceled so early	yup, cancelled after only 10 episodes, thats embarrassing!
yup, cancelled after only 10 episodes, thats embarrassing!	In any case, I had a wonderful chat and I hope you see that simpson's episode devoid of bart. I think homer would lose his meaning in life in that episode.
In any case, I had a wonderful chat and I hope you see that simpson's episode devoid of bart. I think homer would lose his meaning in life in that episode.	Do you follow football at all these days?
Do you follow football at all these days?	Hello there, I do like to follow football, my team didn't make the playoffs this year so that was sad. How about you?
Hello there, I do like to follow football, my team didn't make the playoffs this year so that was sad. How about you?	I'm very sorry to hear this. I'm a huge New England Patriots fan and we won the Super Bowl this year.
I'm very sorry to hear this. I'm a huge New England Patriots fan and we won the Super Bowl this year.	Nice! Yeah you guys have been dominating for a while now it has been impressive.
Nice! Yeah you guys have been dominating for a while now it has been impressive.	I was very surprised too be honest there was a time where I didn't think we will make the playoffs because we kept loosing our away games.
I was very surprised too be honest there was a time where I didn't think we will make the playoffs because we kept loosing our away games.	Yeah and as long as you make it, you have a chance. Speaking of football, did you know that Snoop Dogg once wrote a fight song for his own son's school team?
Yeah and as long as you make it, you have a chance. Speaking of football, did you know that Snoop Dogg once wrote a fight song for his own son's school team?	No I didn't know this but I was really impressed with Deshaun Watson this year. He beat the Dallas Cowboys in overtime back in October by racking up 415 yards. That's impressive!!!
No I didn't know this but I was really impressed with Deshaun Watson this year. He beat the Dallas Cowboys in overtime back in October by racking up 415 yards. That's impressive!!!	That is really impressive. He was just 23 years old as well, wow!
That is really impressive. He was just 23 years old as well, wow!	Yeah!! He kinda reminds me of Aaron Rodgers because he scrambles a lot with the intention of buying time to find the open receiver down field. Now that is a great quarterback.
Yeah!! He kinda reminds me of Aaron Rodgers because he scrambles a lot with the intention of buying time to find the open receiver down field. Now that is a great quarterback.	Yeah he is a bit like him. Aaron Rodgers has been the quarterback of my team since he came into the league actually.
Yeah he is a bit like him. Aaron Rodgers has been the quarterback of my team since he came into the league actually.	You're a Packers fan. I love the Packers and I always rooting for them when they are not playing the Patriots.
You're a Packers fan. I love the Packers and I always rooting for them when they are not playing the Patriots.	Yeah well when we had old Brett at the helm his best moment was agains your Pats, so that's good memories. I have to hold on to those because we have sucked the last two years lol.
Yeah well when we had old Brett at the helm his best moment was agains your Pats, so that's good memories. I have to hold on to those because we have sucked the last two years lol.	I think your team will be great next season because healthy Rodgers is always a fantastic Rodgers in my opinion.
I think your team will be great next season because healthy Rodgers is always a fantastic Rodgers in my opinion.	Thanks I sure hope so, speaking of QB's do you know who the only one to ever throw a td to himself was?
Thanks I sure hope so, speaking of QB's do you know who the only one to ever throw a td to himself was?	I think it was Alex Smith if I'm not mistaking.
I think it was Alex Smith if I'm not mistaking.	Nope, but that was a good guess. It was Brad Johnson, who won a superbowl himself.
Nope, but that was a good guess. It was Brad Johnson, who won a superbowl himself.	Wow I didn't know this. I heard somewhere that the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.
Wow I didn't know this. I heard somewhere that the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.	I think I have heard that too funny! I guess it just shows how big the NFL has gotten since then.
I think I have heard that too funny! I guess it just shows how big the NFL has gotten since then.	Yes. The NFL is huge these days and the fans are very passionate about their teams.
Yes. The NFL is huge these days and the fans are very passionate about their teams.	Yeah they sure are, even at the high school level. Did you know that there is a high school stadium in Texas that seats 18,000?!
Yeah they sure are, even at the high school level. Did you know that there is a high school stadium in Texas that seats 18,000?!	No. I didn't know this. Very interesting.
No. I didn't know this. Very interesting.	Yeah very interesting, I guess it cost $60 million to build, that sounds nuts to me.
Yeah very interesting, I guess it cost $60 million to build, that sounds nuts to me.	Wow that is a lot of money.
Wow that is a lot of money.	Yeah that sure is for a high school stadium. Well it's been good talking with you, hope you have a good night!
Yeah that sure is for a high school stadium. Well it's been good talking with you, hope you have a good night!	Man, that Deshaun Watson can run. Reminds me of Michael Vick.
Man, that Deshaun Watson can run. Reminds me of Michael Vick.	He is with the Dallas Cowboys, isn't he?
He is with the Dallas Cowboys, isn't he?	Houston. But the Dallas guy can run too.They are both dangerous out side the pocket, as Jay Gruden has said, but I wonder if this can last in the long run...given the injury risk.
Houston. But the Dallas guy can run too.They are both dangerous out side the pocket, as Jay Gruden has said, but I wonder if this can last in the long run...given the injury risk.	Is Watson a quarterback?
Is Watson a quarterback?	yeah. they had a losing record but are 9-6 under watson,
yeah. they had a losing record but are 9-6 under watson,	Do you like Tom Brady?
Do you like Tom Brady?	yeah, but brady cant run.plus, the patriots are great...one guy never fumbled
yeah, but brady cant run.plus, the patriots are great...one guy never fumbled	You are talking about Green-Ellis, correct?
You are talking about Green-Ellis, correct?	yeah...thats his name. they are so good someone should paint their locker room pink to even things out.
yeah...thats his name. they are so good someone should paint their locker room pink to even things out.	Apparently, The University Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink.
Apparently, The University Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is painted pink.	yeah...thats what i was thinking of. smart move. alex smith - smart. he took a lot of ap classes in high school.
yeah...thats what i was thinking of. smart move. alex smith - smart. he took a lot of ap classes in high school.	He got his bachelor's degree in two years!
He got his bachelor's degree in two years!	wow. he can run too. maybe not home run ability running that puts defenses in an awkward spot, but its a weapon.
wow. he can run too. maybe not home run ability running that puts defenses in an awkward spot, but its a weapon.	You know a lot about football.
You know a lot about football.	Thats. I read about it a lot. i like reading, exercises the mind
Thats. I read about it a lot. i like reading, exercises the mind	That's good. Apparently ESPN won an emmy.
That's good. Apparently ESPN won an emmy.	for their yellow-line thingie?
for their yellow-line thingie?	Yes. I cannot imagine watching football games without seeing the superimposed yellow line.
Yes. I cannot imagine watching football games without seeing the superimposed yellow line.	does the university of Iowa use a pink one?
does the university of Iowa use a pink one?	I don't think so. They painted visiting teams' locker room pink.
I don't think so. They painted visiting teams' locker room pink.	yeah..i was just goofing on them. well, i gotta run like vick soon.
yeah..i was just goofing on them. well, i gotta run like vick soon.	Are you as fast as Michael Vick? Anyway, it was nice chatting with you. Bye.
Are you as fast as Michael Vick? Anyway, it was nice chatting with you. Bye.	same here.
same here.	do you watch the NFL?
do you watch the NFL?	I do. Do you like Brady?
I do. Do you like Brady?	Yes I do. Did you know he was a backup QB in high school?
Yes I do. Did you know he was a backup QB in high school?	Yes and they never started him, too weird
Yes and they never started him, too weird	Yes they lost a lot of talent there and a chance to win a game
Yes they lost a lot of talent there and a chance to win a game	Yeah. .Do you now who ALex SMith is?
Yeah. .Do you now who ALex SMith is?	Yes he is the QB that wrapped up college in two years
Yes he is the QB that wrapped up college in two years	Yes he took lots of AP tests so really planned ahead
Yes he took lots of AP tests so really planned ahead	Yeah. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?
Yeah. Do you know who invented the circular huddle?	Yes that was Paul Hubbard and he was deaf. Do you know why he invented it?
Yes that was Paul Hubbard and he was deaf. Do you know why he invented it?	Yes because he sis not want the other team to read his gestures
Yes because he sis not want the other team to read his gestures	SO smart. Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football? DO you know why?
SO smart. Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football? DO you know why?	Yes he wanted to become a competitive gamer
Yes he wanted to become a competitive gamer	Yeah. U of Iowan painted the visitor locker room pink.
Yeah. U of Iowan painted the visitor locker room pink.	Yes I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on them
Yes I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on them	I wonder too. Do you know what he highest score in college football is?
I wonder too. Do you know what he highest score in college football is?	That was 222-0 with Georgia Tech beating Cumberland
That was 222-0 with Georgia Tech beating Cumberland	Yeah. Bowlers make more money in the 60s than football players
Yeah. Bowlers make more money in the 60s than football players	Yes it was not that popular of a sport back in the day
Yes it was not that popular of a sport back in the day	Yesh. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
Yesh. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	yes they won it for the superimposed yellow line
yes they won it for the superimposed yellow line	Yeah , it has made watching games easier. It was really nice chatting with you today.
Yeah , it has made watching games easier. It was really nice chatting with you today.	Hi, how are you doing this evening?
Hi, how are you doing this evening?	Good, just been doing some reading for fun. I typically read novels, which when they spread in the 18th century, caused a "moral panic"
Good, just been doing some reading for fun. I typically read novels, which when they spread in the 18th century, caused a "moral panic"	People get so concerned about anything that's popular. Like video games. Have they destroyed America's youth? Hm.
People get so concerned about anything that's popular. Like video games. Have they destroyed America's youth? Hm.	Sometimes I wonder the same thing, but I know there are games that require a lot of reading. I know some people who have even learned some foreign language from video games. I suspect that Anne Jones doesn't hold the record for speed reading from playing games though
Sometimes I wonder the same thing, but I know there are games that require a lot of reading. I know some people who have even learned some foreign language from video games. I suspect that Anne Jones doesn't hold the record for speed reading from playing games though	No, she wouldn't. I wonder how long it took her to achieve that reading rate. And how much she retains.
No, she wouldn't. I wonder how long it took her to achieve that reading rate. And how much she retains.	I'm not sure, but 4,700 words a minute is impressive. I'm glad reading hasn't become outdated though. US military branches have reading lists, and Starship Troopers is on three of the five lists, the first of sci-fi to make it
I'm not sure, but 4,700 words a minute is impressive. I'm glad reading hasn't become outdated though. US military branches have reading lists, and Starship Troopers is on three of the five lists, the first of sci-fi to make it	Heinlein was in the military, and I guess his books help get the troops interested in strategy and stuff.
Heinlein was in the military, and I guess his books help get the troops interested in strategy and stuff.	There's a lot that can be learned form books. Many, including the Marines, have Ender's Game as suggested reading
There's a lot that can be learned form books. Many, including the Marines, have Ender's Game as suggested reading	Anything to get the troops reading for fun. I think they have downtime and they want people to keep their minds active. No moral panic in the military because of SF novels.
Anything to get the troops reading for fun. I think they have downtime and they want people to keep their minds active. No moral panic in the military because of SF novels.	And it's beneficial. Not only does it teach strategy, but it also promotes critical analysis and creativity
And it's beneficial. Not only does it teach strategy, but it also promotes critical analysis and creativity	That's very true. Better than just sitting around watching football on TV.
That's very true. Better than just sitting around watching football on TV.	I do enjoy football on occasion though. I wouldn't be able to keep up with the game as well if it weren't for the superimposed line for the first down invented by ESPN
I do enjoy football on occasion though. I wouldn't be able to keep up with the game as well if it weren't for the superimposed line for the first down invented by ESPN	That line seems so obvious now. I still don't know about winning an award for it.
That line seems so obvious now. I still don't know about winning an award for it.	We're so used to it now, and no one thought to do it, so now they have an Emmy for it
We're so used to it now, and no one thought to do it, so now they have an Emmy for it	I'm a bit surprised that bowlers made so much money in the 60s. I guess more people knew the sports and there were sponsors or something.
I'm a bit surprised that bowlers made so much money in the 60s. I guess more people knew the sports and there were sponsors or something.	That's possible. Plus, television wasn't very popular then, and it's hard to watch a football game without all the camera angles. Still, I wonder if it would have been entertaining or boring to watch the 1916 Georgia Tech game against Cumberland. 220 is a lot of touchdowns!
That's possible. Plus, television wasn't very popular then, and it's hard to watch a football game without all the camera angles. Still, I wonder if it would have been entertaining or boring to watch the 1916 Georgia Tech game against Cumberland. 220 is a lot of touchdowns!	I hope that the GT team used their third string. That score seems punitive. Plus I wonder who bet on the game.
I hope that the GT team used their third string. That score seems punitive. Plus I wonder who bet on the game.	I wonder who their QB was. Or maybe their RB was as talented as Green-Ellis who went through his NFL career without a fumble
I wonder who their QB was. Or maybe their RB was as talented as Green-Ellis who went through his NFL career without a fumble	Cumberland probably fumbled on every play. Well, I enjoyed chatting!
Cumberland probably fumbled on every play. Well, I enjoyed chatting!	That seems likely. Yikes!
That seems likely. Yikes!	Have a good night!
Have a good night!	You too! Back to reading
You too! Back to reading	I was sorry to hear in the news recently that C. Payne Lucas has passed away.
I was sorry to hear in the news recently that C. Payne Lucas has passed away.	Yea, bit she was 85 and had a pretty productive life
Yea, bit she was 85 and had a pretty productive life	He had a life to be proud of, doing a lot of great work providing aid to people all across Africa.
He had a life to be proud of, doing a lot of great work providing aid to people all across Africa.	Yea, he founded Africare in 1971.
Yea, he founded Africare in 1971.	It's amazing that he did so much after not only getting a college degree, but also taking a break from his studies to serve in the military.
It's amazing that he did so much after not only getting a college degree, but also taking a break from his studies to serve in the military.	Yea pretty amazing for a guy that started out picking cotton and shinning shoes.
Yea pretty amazing for a guy that started out picking cotton and shinning shoes.	Maybe the way he worked so hard to rise in life was the inspiration for him trying to help others do the same.
Maybe the way he worked so hard to rise in life was the inspiration for him trying to help others do the same.	Yea, and had to be a long life to outlive his sin who died in 2013 and his daughter who dies in 2017.
Yea, and had to be a long life to outlive his sin who died in 2013 and his daughter who dies in 2017.	It's sad to think he would have to see his children pass away, but I hope he got to enjoy time with his two grandchildren.
It's sad to think he would have to see his children pass away, but I hope he got to enjoy time with his two grandchildren.	Yea, I hope so as well. I know off topic but dis you know JFK, Washington and Jefferson were our richest presidents.
Yea, I hope so as well. I know off topic but dis you know JFK, Washington and Jefferson were our richest presidents.	That makes sense, since Washington and Jefferson were landowners, and JFK was from a wealthy family. I'm surprised no recent presidents are on the list, though.
That makes sense, since Washington and Jefferson were landowners, and JFK was from a wealthy family. I'm surprised no recent presidents are on the list, though.	Maybe they should release a pop album like the president of Indonesia.
Maybe they should release a pop album like the president of Indonesia.	I think if the current president did that, it would either bomb terribly or become a chart topper.
I think if the current president did that, it would either bomb terribly or become a chart topper.	My luck people would like it and every time I turned in the radio I would have to have to hear him.
My luck people would like it and every time I turned in the radio I would have to have to hear him.	Maybe the entire government should start releasing debate opinions in songs. Congressional rap battle? Supreme court opera?
Maybe the entire government should start releasing debate opinions in songs. Congressional rap battle? Supreme court opera?	Lol, I can see Bernie now, first album, Free Healthcare Foos
Lol, I can see Bernie now, first album, Free Healthcare Foos	And the Mitch McConnell retort, The Capitalism Rap.
And the Mitch McConnell retort, The Capitalism Rap.	Lol. They could have their music studios in Nevada since the government owns 86% of the land there.
Lol. They could have their music studios in Nevada since the government owns 86% of the land there.	People might actually start tuning in to the government debates on TV.
People might actually start tuning in to the government debates on TV.	Republicans vs democrats rap battle.
Republicans vs democrats rap battle.	They'd all start wearing gold chains like rappers and we'd actually see where the taxes go!
They'd all start wearing gold chains like rappers and we'd actually see where the taxes go!	Hey! How are you doing? I find it funny that the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!
Hey! How are you doing? I find it funny that the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!	Hi! That is funny! I wonder if banana has a different meaning in their language. Say, did you know that fdr was the last of our presidents that can speak a foreign language?
Hi! That is funny! I wonder if banana has a different meaning in their language. Say, did you know that fdr was the last of our presidents that can speak a foreign language?	It might. Or it could actually be his last name. I didn't know that about FDR. I did learn that the top 3 wealthiest Presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
It might. Or it could actually be his last name. I didn't know that about FDR. I did learn that the top 3 wealthiest Presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	Washington and Jefferson are two of the wealthiest? I guess I can see Jefferson but I thought Washington was a general.
Washington and Jefferson are two of the wealthiest? I guess I can see Jefferson but I thought Washington was a general.	I thought so too. Maybe he became wealthy as a President? I wonder if the President of Indonesia is wealthy- they released 3 pop albums while in office!
I thought so too. Maybe he became wealthy as a President? I wonder if the President of Indonesia is wealthy- they released 3 pop albums while in office!	You know he just might be! That could be the whole reason he did it, to make money. Our presidents have been rich but not smart. The last one to have a phd was woodrow wilson.
You know he just might be! That could be the whole reason he did it, to make money. Our presidents have been rich but not smart. The last one to have a phd was woodrow wilson.	Interesting! And unfortunately I do agree with you. And not very philanthropic... the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rain forest. I couldn't see our own gov't do that.
Interesting! And unfortunately I do agree with you. And not very philanthropic... the Norwegian government donated $1 billion to help save the Amazon rain forest. I couldn't see our own gov't do that.	No, I can't see them doing that either. They'd be more like the chinese government who censored the word censorship.
No, I can't see them doing that either. They'd be more like the chinese government who censored the word censorship.	Haha very true. Did you know that a French man impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice!?
Haha very true. Did you know that a French man impersonated a government official and managed to sell the Eiffel Tower twice!?	No I didn't! He did that twice! Once is bad enough. I can't believe he got away with it again.
No I didn't! He did that twice! Once is bad enough. I can't believe he got away with it again.	Yes twice! Amazing. And speaking of bans, Wikileaks published the gov't's plan to destroy Wikileaks. Makes me feel like they have a lot to hide.
Yes twice! Amazing. And speaking of bans, Wikileaks published the gov't's plan to destroy Wikileaks. Makes me feel like they have a lot to hide.	They probably do. On the flip side they do publish full names of anyone that chooses to renounce their citizenship.
They probably do. On the flip side they do publish full names of anyone that chooses to renounce their citizenship.	That's interesting. Sounds like they are trying to create a witch hunt against people who seem "unpatriotic." In 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect gov't employees from being persecuted for violating Geneva conventions.
That's interesting. Sounds like they are trying to create a witch hunt against people who seem "unpatriotic." In 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect gov't employees from being persecuted for violating Geneva conventions.	Nice way to protect themselves if you ask me. They get protected a lot. Back in 1895 J.P. Morgan bailed the government out.
Nice way to protect themselves if you ask me. They get protected a lot. Back in 1895 J.P. Morgan bailed the government out.	I agree. Off topic, have you ever watched the Simpsons?
I agree. Off topic, have you ever watched the Simpsons?	I've watched a few shows. It seems like it's been on a long time.
I've watched a few shows. It seems like it's been on a long time.	A very long time! There is only 1 episode where Bart is never mentioned, or appears.
A very long time! There is only 1 episode where Bart is never mentioned, or appears.	Just one? He's obviously very important to the show. Hasn't homer had a lot of jobs? I think I read somewhere that he's had over a hundred.
Just one? He's obviously very important to the show. Hasn't homer had a lot of jobs? I think I read somewhere that he's had over a hundred.	Haha really? I didn't know that! I thought he always worked at the nuclear plant.
Haha really? I didn't know that! I thought he always worked at the nuclear plant.	Yeah, if i remember right it was all in the first 400 jobs that he had the different jobs.
Yeah, if i remember right it was all in the first 400 jobs that he had the different jobs.	Really! That's funny. Well, great chat!
Really! That's funny. Well, great chat!	Do you watch any television?
Do you watch any television?	I do enjoy watching television. What about you?
I do enjoy watching television. What about you?	I love my TV shows. I like south park, you ever watch that?
I love my TV shows. I like south park, you ever watch that?	South Park always annoyed me. I have watched quite a bit of pokemon though.
South Park always annoyed me. I have watched quite a bit of pokemon though.	For sure, when south park made fun of family guy, the simpsons sent them flowers. I like pokemon too
For sure, when south park made fun of family guy, the simpsons sent them flowers. I like pokemon too	I have kids so I watch a lot of cartoons mostly on PBS like wild kratts and Thomas the tank.
I have kids so I watch a lot of cartoons mostly on PBS like wild kratts and Thomas the tank.	nice they ever watch some of the 750 episodes of pokemon. I love thomas the tank also!
nice they ever watch some of the 750 episodes of pokemon. I love thomas the tank also!	I like the ones narrated by Alec Baldwin the best. He just has one of those voices made for narration.
I like the ones narrated by Alec Baldwin the best. He just has one of those voices made for narration.	Nice, I liked those a lot. Mine was Ringo Starr ones, he has that thomas the tank type voice
Nice, I liked those a lot. Mine was Ringo Starr ones, he has that thomas the tank type voice	That's true. Very gravelly and engine like. It is crazy how far tvs have come even in just a few short years though. I remember watching cartoons in black and white.
That's true. Very gravelly and engine like. It is crazy how far tvs have come even in just a few short years though. I remember watching cartoons in black and white.	dang, I remember saturday morning cartoons. Did you ever watch that 70s show?
dang, I remember saturday morning cartoons. Did you ever watch that 70s show?	Yes! That show was hilarious. Too bad the sequels and spinoffs tanked so terribly.
Yes! That show was hilarious. Too bad the sequels and spinoffs tanked so terribly.	right, I heard the one in UK only lasted 10 episodes, and that 80s show was a bust too!
right, I heard the one in UK only lasted 10 episodes, and that 80s show was a bust too!	I think the UK one probably wasn't as popular because it was a very american humor show not really the british dry wit.
I think the UK one probably wasn't as popular because it was a very american humor show not really the british dry wit.	For sure, there is two different kinds of comedy right there. It is just like the office in british vs american
For sure, there is two different kinds of comedy right there. It is just like the office in british vs american	I think the british office was on for ages longer than the american one. I never really got that one. Designated survivor is a good one though.
I think the british office was on for ages longer than the american one. I never really got that one. Designated survivor is a good one though.	Never heard of that one, what is that about?
Never heard of that one, what is that about?	It is about a man who becomes president after the capitol is blown up.
It is about a man who becomes president after the capitol is blown up.	I will have to check that out. Speaking of capitol hill, are you a trump fan?
I will have to check that out. Speaking of capitol hill, are you a trump fan?	I respect the office and what his intentions were but I'm not a fan of how he is going about it. What about you?
I respect the office and what his intentions were but I'm not a fan of how he is going about it. What about you?	That is a great way to put it. I think if he released an album like the president of indonesia did he would be more popular, lol
That is a great way to put it. I think if he released an album like the president of indonesia did he would be more popular, lol	I dont' think the US would handle it well if he did that. He is already controversial. That might push his advesaries over the edge.
I dont' think the US would handle it well if he did that. He is already controversial. That might push his advesaries over the edge.	I like watching the NFL - football is the best of the 4 major professional sports.
I like watching the NFL - football is the best of the 4 major professional sports.	I agree. It's much more interesting than basketball or baseball.
I agree. It's much more interesting than basketball or baseball.	When I was young I wanted to play in the NFL. Being female I was a bit small - even though technically it would have been allowed!
When I was young I wanted to play in the NFL. Being female I was a bit small - even though technically it would have been allowed!	There have been a few female kickers, but I don't think any have made it past college football. Hopefully some day
There have been a few female kickers, but I don't think any have made it past college football. Hopefully some day	Yes the kickers play the least of all - even though there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in a whole game!
Yes the kickers play the least of all - even though there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay in a whole game!	That's why I can't sit and watch a whole game. I have to be doing something else at the same time. Too many breaks, and replays. I know a lot people like it, but it gets to be too much sometimes.
That's why I can't sit and watch a whole game. I have to be doing something else at the same time. Too many breaks, and replays. I know a lot people like it, but it gets to be too much sometimes.	Yes. But if you like technology you can learn a lot - they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the ball to study
Yes. But if you like technology you can learn a lot - they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the ball to study	That would be interesting to look into! I may have to now.
That would be interesting to look into! I may have to now.	Yes. The game is so dangerous that even though they get paid a lot, an engineer will make more money over a career.
Yes. The game is so dangerous that even though they get paid a lot, an engineer will make more money over a career.	It is surely a short lived career. But many go into coaching of some sort after.
It is surely a short lived career. But many go into coaching of some sort after.	Yes. My dog and I still enjoy watching the game. She understands when I yell and point at the screen
Yes. My dog and I still enjoy watching the game. She understands when I yell and point at the screen	Ha! That's cute. She must think people are stealing a toy. Which I guess they are.
Ha! That's cute. She must think people are stealing a toy. Which I guess they are.	Yes, My dog is loveable - she has even donated blood - she has a rarer type of the 12 different types dogs have.
Yes, My dog is loveable - she has even donated blood - she has a rarer type of the 12 different types dogs have.	Oh, thats really amazing. I didn't know dogs could donate blood.
Oh, thats really amazing. I didn't know dogs could donate blood.	Yes they can! Other dogs need it after surgeries as well! I like how Istanbul treats their animals - it even has vending machine for stray dogs
Yes they can! Other dogs need it after surgeries as well! I like how Istanbul treats their animals - it even has vending machine for stray dogs	There are some dog parks here in America that are starting to do it too. But I have heard many areas in Turkey treat stray cats and dogs wonderfully. They are part of their community.
There are some dog parks here in America that are starting to do it too. But I have heard many areas in Turkey treat stray cats and dogs wonderfully. They are part of their community.	Yes I love dogs and cats. Google likes dogs better though - its even in their code of conduct!
Yes I love dogs and cats. Google likes dogs better though - its even in their code of conduct!	I love almost all animals. They're pretty amazing.
I love almost all animals. They're pretty amazing.	Me too! My cat gets a bit testy sometimes though. Many people think that dogs are color blind but they are not - they just dont see as many colors as humans.
Me too! My cat gets a bit testy sometimes though. Many people think that dogs are color blind but they are not - they just dont see as many colors as humans.	It would be hard to train them as service animals if they couldn't see any colors.
It would be hard to train them as service animals if they couldn't see any colors.	Yes they are very useful in so many ways!
Yes they are very useful in so many ways!	Hello do you like football?
Hello do you like football?	I do, its actually one of my favorite sports, do you like it?
I do, its actually one of my favorite sports, do you like it?	I dont follow it much, but I do watch it sometimes.
I dont follow it much, but I do watch it sometimes.	Do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division
Do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division	The 49ers, but they havent been good in awhile.
The 49ers, but they havent been good in awhile.	My favorite team is the Patriots and maybe this season the 49ers can make it to the Superbowl,
My favorite team is the Patriots and maybe this season the 49ers can make it to the Superbowl,	Yeah that would be cool lol George rr martin calls the Patriots the lannisters of football lol
Yeah that would be cool lol George rr martin calls the Patriots the lannisters of football lol	Thats a funny reference lol but I guess it makes sense, they have dominated the league for a while now, great coach + great players + awesome QB
Thats a funny reference lol but I guess it makes sense, they have dominated the league for a while now, great coach + great players + awesome QB	do you watch any tv shows?
do you watch any tv shows?	I do, I like to watch the Simpsons, what about you?
I do, I like to watch the Simpsons, what about you?	Yeah classic. I love the simpsons.
Yeah classic. I love the simpsons.	Funny how Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes, not a guy I would trust with the safety of a nuclear power plant
Funny how Homer had 188 jobs in the first 400 episodes, not a guy I would trust with the safety of a nuclear power plant	Yeah lol did you know there is one episode that Bart is not seen or mentioned.
Yeah lol did you know there is one episode that Bart is not seen or mentioned.	I didnt know that, he is like the star of the show, doesnt make sense to have Simpsons without Bart.
I didnt know that, he is like the star of the show, doesnt make sense to have Simpsons without Bart.	I know right!
I know right!	What other shows do you like to watch?
What other shows do you like to watch?	Game of thrones, westworld, handmaids tale, homeland, broklyn nine nine, the flash, supergirl, walking dead, santa clarita diet, how I met your mother
Game of thrones, westworld, handmaids tale, homeland, broklyn nine nine, the flash, supergirl, walking dead, santa clarita diet, how I met your mother	Sounds like you follow a lot of tv shows lol, I like GOT and also The Flash, there are a lot of good series on TV now
Sounds like you follow a lot of tv shows lol, I like GOT and also The Flash, there are a lot of good series on TV now	Yeah I watch a lot of tv. Im still catching up on the flash I think I am on season 4 right now. Yes I agree too much good tv. In between shows I like to watch discovery channel shows lol
Yeah I watch a lot of tv. Im still catching up on the flash I think I am on season 4 right now. Yes I agree too much good tv. In between shows I like to watch discovery channel shows lol	Season 4 is one of the best ones, I like how Reverse flash is back on the show and Cicada is a formidable villain
Season 4 is one of the best ones, I like how Reverse flash is back on the show and Cicada is a formidable villain	Would you be much of a football fan, or interested in the Eagles?
Would you be much of a football fan, or interested in the Eagles?	Yes, I am a football fan, like the Eagles and wished they have made it to the superbowl.
Yes, I am a football fan, like the Eagles and wished they have made it to the superbowl.	I can't say that I am. I'm aware of the big stuff that goes on but not the details. I certainly wouldn't get worked up about who the Eagles play first in a season.
I can't say that I am. I'm aware of the big stuff that goes on but not the details. I certainly wouldn't get worked up about who the Eagles play first in a season.	I am not a Eagles fan either, I am a Steelers, but since the Steelers haven't made it, I turned to the eagles.
I am not a Eagles fan either, I am a Steelers, but since the Steelers haven't made it, I turned to the eagles.	I live near Cleveland, I know the Browns and Steelers are rivals. I think the only team the Browns fans dislike more are the Ravens as they feel like they stole their team.
I live near Cleveland, I know the Browns and Steelers are rivals. I think the only team the Browns fans dislike more are the Ravens as they feel like they stole their team.	I have never care for the Ravens for some reason, so are you a Browns fan?
I have never care for the Ravens for some reason, so are you a Browns fan?	I live here, so I guess by default I am. I'm not born and raised so it's not life or death for me. Is there anything harder in football than being a Browns fan?
I live here, so I guess by default I am. I'm not born and raised so it's not life or death for me. Is there anything harder in football than being a Browns fan?	Well, I would say no, especially if you are a fan win or lose, because for some reason they seems not to be able to make it to a superbowl these days.
Well, I would say no, especially if you are a fan win or lose, because for some reason they seems not to be able to make it to a superbowl these days.	Do you watch much football on television, Monday night football and all that?
Do you watch much football on television, Monday night football and all that?	No, I watched sunday's game also, my current home is Las Vegas and I pretty much live in the casino watching sports, I try to watch the majority of the games including college football.
No, I watched sunday's game also, my current home is Las Vegas and I pretty much live in the casino watching sports, I try to watch the majority of the games including college football.	That sounds like a lot of work. I think part of the reason I haven't got into football is the length of the game, I just don't have three hours. I doesn't help that I was born in Britain.
That sounds like a lot of work. I think part of the reason I haven't got into football is the length of the game, I just don't have three hours. I doesn't help that I was born in Britain.	Oh so do you have a favorite sport that you spend time watching on your days off from work or just for your relaxed and run time?
Oh so do you have a favorite sport that you spend time watching on your days off from work or just for your relaxed and run time?	I have a young family, all my free time seems to have vanished. Back in the day is would have been soccer. I barely see any TV anymore, the kids hog the remote now.
I have a young family, all my free time seems to have vanished. Back in the day is would have been soccer. I barely see any TV anymore, the kids hog the remote now.	Hahaha, I understand, did you know the nfl uses tracking chips in their shoulder pads to record players movements on the field?
Hahaha, I understand, did you know the nfl uses tracking chips in their shoulder pads to record players movements on the field?	Do you use that information when your in the casino to give you an edge? How many games a week do you think you watch?
Do you use that information when your in the casino to give you an edge? How many games a week do you think you watch?	I only get weekends at the casino, I always get my weekends off from work, Now it just my wife and I, no, I don't used it.
I only get weekends at the casino, I always get my weekends off from work, Now it just my wife and I, no, I don't used it.	You don't have a dog by chance? I have full house here, kids, dogs rabbits, and my wife has a horse. Maybe I should buy myself a ticket to Las Vegas for some peace.
You don't have a dog by chance? I have full house here, kids, dogs rabbits, and my wife has a horse. Maybe I should buy myself a ticket to Las Vegas for some peace.	Yes at least for a vacation, the chips are also located in the football to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
Yes at least for a vacation, the chips are also located in the football to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.	It's amazing the amount of information they collect in sports now. When I read reports about soccer they tell you how far the player has ran, sprinted, pass percentages and such. They have heat maps to to show where they've been on the field too.
It's amazing the amount of information they collect in sports now. When I read reports about soccer they tell you how far the player has ran, sprinted, pass percentages and such. They have heat maps to to show where they've been on the field too.	I watched soccer also, I don't completely understand the entire rules and game, I do understand how the players score points.
I watched soccer also, I don't completely understand the entire rules and game, I do understand how the players score points.	Well, good luck in the casino, and have a good day.
Well, good luck in the casino, and have a good day.	Hello, How are you? Do you like dogs?
Hello, How are you? Do you like dogs?	I love dogs, you know who else likes dogs, google!
I love dogs, you know who else likes dogs, google!	Yes, I read that too! I didn't know that they had blood drives though, did you?
Yes, I read that too! I didn't know that they had blood drives though, did you?	I didn't. That is helpful because I think dogs have 12 different blood types
I didn't. That is helpful because I think dogs have 12 different blood types	Yes, interesting. Its good to know dogs are not color blind! I wonder which colors they see most?
Yes, interesting. Its good to know dogs are not color blind! I wonder which colors they see most?	For sure! we were taught wrong growing up
For sure! we were taught wrong growing up	Yes, I thought it was black and white growing up.
Yes, I thought it was black and white growing up.	I agree lol. Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that respond to pointing
I agree lol. Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that respond to pointing	Yes, isn't that interesting as well. I wish we had those vending machines here in the US with food and water for dogs in exchange for plastic bottles. That's such a good idea!!
Yes, isn't that interesting as well. I wish we had those vending machines here in the US with food and water for dogs in exchange for plastic bottles. That's such a good idea!!	for sure, I would be donating left and right. I love dogs! Do you watch TV?
for sure, I would be donating left and right. I love dogs! Do you watch TV?	Some, not as much as I use to. When I have time, I'm on the internet, where I can look up shows I like. I do have cable but I rarely use it.
Some, not as much as I use to. When I have time, I'm on the internet, where I can look up shows I like. I do have cable but I rarely use it.	yea me too. I was a fan of pokemon back in the day. they have 750 episodes
yea me too. I was a fan of pokemon back in the day. they have 750 episodes	Yes, it was always on it seems. Do you remember Thomas the tank engine?
Yes, it was always on it seems. Do you remember Thomas the tank engine?	I used to love that show, did you watch it?
I used to love that show, did you watch it?	No, I wasn't sure what it was? Was it a children show?
No, I wasn't sure what it was? Was it a children show?	Yes it was a book too. Thomas the train was like blue and gray. I think there were famous people who played his voice here and there
Yes it was a book too. Thomas the train was like blue and gray. I think there were famous people who played his voice here and there	Yes, Ringo Star was one of them. Do you watch football? The NFL's average live game play is only 11 minutes!
Yes, Ringo Star was one of them. Do you watch football? The NFL's average live game play is only 11 minutes!	That is insane. that means like everything else is almost 3 hours. Talk about boring if you think about it! They need a woman to play
That is insane. that means like everything else is almost 3 hours. Talk about boring if you think about it! They need a woman to play	Yes, there is no rule against it! Good chat!!
Yes, there is no rule against it! Good chat!!	You too, have a good night!
You too, have a good night!	You too!
You too!	What do you think about Malcolm Perry? Do you think he has a good future in the Navy?
What do you think about Malcolm Perry? Do you think he has a good future in the Navy?	I'm not sure who he is, is he a football player?
I'm not sure who he is, is he a football player?	Yes he is a quarterback for the Navy football team apparently. And he's really good I think
Yes he is a quarterback for the Navy football team apparently. And he's really good I think	Better than Baker Mayfield was, during his U of OK days?
Better than Baker Mayfield was, during his U of OK days?	Yes that's possible. At least he's better than Baker Mayfield was at Halo 3, and the baker was excellent at Halo 3 haha.
Yes that's possible. At least he's better than Baker Mayfield was at Halo 3, and the baker was excellent at Halo 3 haha.	Yeah, he thought about becoming a pro gamer. I'm from Cleveland, so I'm glad he didn't follow through with that.
Yeah, he thought about becoming a pro gamer. I'm from Cleveland, so I'm glad he didn't follow through with that.	Yep I agree with you. What do you think about Kelly-Moore by the way? He's the only quarterback in the NFL who is Left-Handed which is crazy
Yep I agree with you. What do you think about Kelly-Moore by the way? He's the only quarterback in the NFL who is Left-Handed which is crazy	I think that's awesome. Of course, I would as I'm a lefty too. I still find it odd that ESPN won an Emmy for their superimposed yellow line. That is so weird.
I think that's awesome. Of course, I would as I'm a lefty too. I still find it odd that ESPN won an Emmy for their superimposed yellow line. That is so weird.	That is really weird. But it is a great invention. what do you think about the highest scoring football game of all time by the way
That is really weird. But it is a great invention. what do you think about the highest scoring football game of all time by the way	I don't know anything about it, was it Georgia Tech? My brother goes there.
I don't know anything about it, was it Georgia Tech? My brother goes there.	Yes Georgia Tech won, they beat Cumberland 222 to 0, definitely a blowout!
Yes Georgia Tech won, they beat Cumberland 222 to 0, definitely a blowout!	That's insane! I wonder why the coaches didn't stop it? Then again, the U of IA has a locker room painted pink for their visiting team.
That's insane! I wonder why the coaches didn't stop it? Then again, the U of IA has a locker room painted pink for their visiting team.	Yes I wonder how that turned out for them. Do you think they won more games after it was painted pink? I want to see the stats on that
Yes I wonder how that turned out for them. Do you think they won more games after it was painted pink? I want to see the stats on that	I would like to see those too. These days, pink is considered ambiance, lol. In the 60's pro bowlers made more than football players. That's unreal.
I would like to see those too. These days, pink is considered ambiance, lol. In the 60's pro bowlers made more than football players. That's unreal.	That is crazy, definitely it's the opposite case today. Do you ever watch basketball by the way? I know that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was super awesome back in the day
That is crazy, definitely it's the opposite case today. Do you ever watch basketball by the way? I know that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was super awesome back in the day	I watch the Cavs, lol. I find it funny that there is a court in the Supreme Court building, and they actually call it "The Highest Court in the Land".
I watch the Cavs, lol. I find it funny that there is a court in the Supreme Court building, and they actually call it "The Highest Court in the Land".	That is really funny. You think they ever play up there? It's funny because it's on the top floor too
That is really funny. You think they ever play up there? It's funny because it's on the top floor too	I wonder that myself. I bet some of them do. What do you think of the New Zealand basket ball team?
I wonder that myself. I bet some of them do. What do you think of the New Zealand basket ball team?	Well I think their nickname is not a good one for the United States lol they call themselves the "All Blacks"
Well I think their nickname is not a good one for the United States lol they call themselves the "All Blacks"	Nope, that isn't racist at all. what are some of these people thinking? I find it odd that the man who invented basketball is the only losing coach in the U of KS history.
Nope, that isn't racist at all. what are some of these people thinking? I find it odd that the man who invented basketball is the only losing coach in the U of KS history.	That is really funny. James Naismith definitely should have practiced more, and maybe change the game so that he could win LOL
That is really funny. James Naismith definitely should have practiced more, and maybe change the game so that he could win LOL	The Navy's player Malcolm Perry is looking good! He cant stop moving those feet of his.
The Navy's player Malcolm Perry is looking good! He cant stop moving those feet of his.	Right? He definitely seems ready for the new season to show what he's got
Right? He definitely seems ready for the new season to show what he's got	Yeah, I love watching the Navy football team and think their QB Perry is the best up and coming player because of his speed. Hecan zip around and beat guys that way.
Yeah, I love watching the Navy football team and think their QB Perry is the best up and coming player because of his speed. Hecan zip around and beat guys that way.	I agree. Also think he's ready to show he can throw this year too. He's been working on his passes and has a good arm!
I agree. Also think he's ready to show he can throw this year too. He's been working on his passes and has a good arm!	Yeah, I agree. He can throw bullets with great accuracy too. Perry has the Southern Methodist game haunting him and has something to prove now.
Yeah, I agree. He can throw bullets with great accuracy too. Perry has the Southern Methodist game haunting him and has something to prove now.	I don't blame him. He rushed 282 yards which was a record but his only pass was intercepted. Definitely impacted his confidence in what he could do and his abilities.
I don't blame him. He rushed 282 yards which was a record but his only pass was intercepted. Definitely impacted his confidence in what he could do and his abilities.	You make a really good point that I forgot to credit him. The offensive coordinator Ivan Jasper has been working with Perry on throwing and new reps.
You make a really good point that I forgot to credit him. The offensive coordinator Ivan Jasper has been working with Perry on throwing and new reps.	They feel really confident about Perry's skills as a thrower. Though it's been a few years since Perry focused on passing, he was a quarterback in high school.
They feel really confident about Perry's skills as a thrower. Though it's been a few years since Perry focused on passing, he was a quarterback in high school.	Yeah, I agree with you. Coach Jasper has also been working with Perry on rapid-fire passing drills and throwing one-on-one with him since spring practice. That is promising and super cool too.
Yeah, I agree with you. Coach Jasper has also been working with Perry on rapid-fire passing drills and throwing one-on-one with him since spring practice. That is promising and super cool too.	I agree. I think Jasper is in a better more focused place to work with Perry too. He's been more focused and in a better place to be able to work with Perry since his son's heart transplant surgery.
I agree. I think Jasper is in a better more focused place to work with Perry too. He's been more focused and in a better place to be able to work with Perry since his son's heart transplant surgery.	I can't even imagine going through something so scary and serious with any of my kids. Perry has a good handle of his career and his personal life and knows how to focus on what's important and be in the moment. Alex Smith is another amazing QB.
I can't even imagine going through something so scary and serious with any of my kids. Perry has a good handle of his career and his personal life and knows how to focus on what's important and be in the moment. Alex Smith is another amazing QB.	Perry seems more mature and comfortable in the football world too. It seems like he understands things better and is in a position to answer questions and talk in football speak.
Perry seems more mature and comfortable in the football world too. It seems like he understands things better and is in a position to answer questions and talk in football speak.	Yeah, he might be the next Alex Smith or Baker Mayfield? Who knows because both of those quarterbacks are very accomplished. Alex Smith went to college early. He took so many classes in high school that he went super early.
Yeah, he might be the next Alex Smith or Baker Mayfield? Who knows because both of those quarterbacks are very accomplished. Alex Smith went to college early. He took so many classes in high school that he went super early.	Really? That's impressive. I did not know that about Alex Smith. Random fact though, did you know there's only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?
Really? That's impressive. I did not know that about Alex Smith. Random fact though, did you know there's only one left handed quarterback in the NFL?	Noway, I have never really thought about it but that is very rare. Yeah Alex Smith was actually getting his bachelors within the first two years of college. He is a very smart guy on and off the field.
Noway, I have never really thought about it but that is very rare. Yeah Alex Smith was actually getting his bachelors within the first two years of college. He is a very smart guy on and off the field.	Wow that's really cool. Sounds a lot like that senior Abey. Started 9 games last year for a 7-6 team.
Wow that's really cool. Sounds a lot like that senior Abey. Started 9 games last year for a 7-6 team.	Man, thats crazy,really? I went to Kansas and James Naismith was the inventor of the basketball, that's the closest I have been to a famous college story.
Man, thats crazy,really? I went to Kansas and James Naismith was the inventor of the basketball, that's the closest I have been to a famous college story.	Well that's super cool! Another random fact which surprised me the other day, only 2 African American quarterbacks have won the Super Bowl.
Well that's super cool! Another random fact which surprised me the other day, only 2 African American quarterbacks have won the Super Bowl.	Noway, that doesn't seem right but it is a fact for sure. The highest paid state employees are coaches now thats not surprising.
Noway, that doesn't seem right but it is a fact for sure. The highest paid state employees are coaches now thats not surprising.	I did not know that about coaches though I guess it makes sense. I do know that the american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make which seems like a lot of money.
I did not know that about coaches though I guess it makes sense. I do know that the american flags at football stadiums weigh 1,100 pounds and cost $50,000 to make which seems like a lot of money.	That is really incredible. A lot of money flows through sports and keeps players engaged. Baker Mayfield almost became a professional gamer instead of QB. It was a good thing that he wised up for all our sakes. The money is in football.
That is really incredible. A lot of money flows through sports and keeps players engaged. Baker Mayfield almost became a professional gamer instead of QB. It was a good thing that he wised up for all our sakes. The money is in football.	Or in basketball movies like Space Jam. Which is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time.
Or in basketball movies like Space Jam. Which is the highest grossing basketball movie of all time.	Good flicks, I need to rewatch them this weekend. Have a good one!
Good flicks, I need to rewatch them this weekend. Have a good one!	How's it going, did you know Tom Brady's jv team never started him despite not winning a game?
How's it going, did you know Tom Brady's jv team never started him despite not winning a game?	That's incredible. I guess that's why the coach is a JV coach.
That's incredible. I guess that's why the coach is a JV coach.	He was a pretty awful JV coach if he couldn't even get his team to score a touchdown
He was a pretty awful JV coach if he couldn't even get his team to score a touchdown	did you know football can mean different sports depending on what region you are in?
did you know football can mean different sports depending on what region you are in?	Yea, it can be called soccer or rugby in certain places
Yea, it can be called soccer or rugby in certain places	Also Australian rules and Gaelic. Did you know that in 39 of 50 states, the highest paid public employee are either college football or basketball coaches?
Also Australian rules and Gaelic. Did you know that in 39 of 50 states, the highest paid public employee are either college football or basketball coaches?	No, that's a shame states waste that much money on football/basketball coaches
No, that's a shame states waste that much money on football/basketball coaches	I mean, the Supreme Court has a basketball court on its top floor. Sports are a part of our lives now
I mean, the Supreme Court has a basketball court on its top floor. Sports are a part of our lives now	That's pretty funny theres a court at the supreme court considering most of the judges are very old
That's pretty funny theres a court at the supreme court considering most of the judges are very old	Who are some of your favorite quarterbacks in the NFL?
Who are some of your favorite quarterbacks in the NFL?	Alex Smith is pretty cool, he was able to start college as a junior
Alex Smith is pretty cool, he was able to start college as a junior	I heard about that. And he still ended up being the first overall pick in the NFL draft.
I heard about that. And he still ended up being the first overall pick in the NFL draft.	I wonder if Alex Smith was able to finish his Masters degree after he was drafted
I wonder if Alex Smith was able to finish his Masters degree after he was drafted	Probably. Baker Mayfield definitely didn't get his Masters after getting drafted. I heard he's a hardcore gamer
Probably. Baker Mayfield definitely didn't get his Masters after getting drafted. I heard he's a hardcore gamer	Yea, he's a good qb but doesn't seem too smart if he seriously consider playing video games professionally
Yea, he's a good qb but doesn't seem too smart if he seriously consider playing video games professionally	Gaming is very popular nowadays though. If you can make money off of it, hats off to you.
Gaming is very popular nowadays though. If you can make money off of it, hats off to you.	Yea but he could always do that after retirement instead of broadcasting like Kellan Moore does now after being the only left handed qb in the nfl
Yea but he could always do that after retirement instead of broadcasting like Kellan Moore does now after being the only left handed qb in the nfl	I feel bad for those college players that don't have a shot at the NFL. There's a QB at Navy that didn't attempt a pass for his final three starts
I feel bad for those college players that don't have a shot at the NFL. There's a QB at Navy that didn't attempt a pass for his final three starts	That's a shame, who was he?
That's a shame, who was he?	His name's Malcolm Perry. He's a Junior. You gotta be tough to start at QB for Navy
His name's Malcolm Perry. He's a Junior. You gotta be tough to start at QB for Navy	Yea, well it was nice chatting with you
Yea, well it was nice chatting with you	Hi! Are you a fan of sports?
Hi! Are you a fan of sports?	I love watching football and basketball, but not so much Tom Brady. I find it funny his high school team never even allowed him to play.
I love watching football and basketball, but not so much Tom Brady. I find it funny his high school team never even allowed him to play.	Lol. I think most of America agrees with you. He has more super bowl wins than most teams.
Lol. I think most of America agrees with you. He has more super bowl wins than most teams.	For sure. I always found it curious that the whole point of the huddle was to help a deaf quarterback communicate without the opposing team seeing his signals.
For sure. I always found it curious that the whole point of the huddle was to help a deaf quarterback communicate without the opposing team seeing his signals.	I know, how cool to have something you did to help you out stick and be a big part of the game. Maybe if that team who lost by 222 points used it they might have done better.
I know, how cool to have something you did to help you out stick and be a big part of the game. Maybe if that team who lost by 222 points used it they might have done better.	No doubt! Or they could have used Alex Jones - he was smart enough he took so many ap tests in high school that he started college as a junior and then became the number one draft pick!
No doubt! Or they could have used Alex Jones - he was smart enough he took so many ap tests in high school that he started college as a junior and then became the number one draft pick!	That is certainly a lot of classes, he even worked to a masters degree while staying to play.
That is certainly a lot of classes, he even worked to a masters degree while staying to play.	Yes. He is amazing. Its funny - in baseball being left-handed can be an asset, but there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL.
Yes. He is amazing. Its funny - in baseball being left-handed can be an asset, but there is only one left-handed quarterback in the NFL.	That is certainly surprising, I wonder why more left handed people don't play the position?
That is certainly surprising, I wonder why more left handed people don't play the position?	I don't know. Maybe they prefer bowling? Bowlers used to make twice as much as football players.
I don't know. Maybe they prefer bowling? Bowlers used to make twice as much as football players.	It seems like doing anything in sports will get you some notoriety, like ESPN winning an Emmy for the yellow line. Clearly I chose the wrong line of work
It seems like doing anything in sports will get you some notoriety, like ESPN winning an Emmy for the yellow line. Clearly I chose the wrong line of work	For sure. You could take up basketball - even the Supreme Court likes to play.
For sure. You could take up basketball - even the Supreme Court likes to play.	Yup. Highest court in the land :) It is odd though, that the inventor of the sport went on to be the only losing coach at the U of Kansas.
Yup. Highest court in the land :) It is odd though, that the inventor of the sport went on to be the only losing coach at the U of Kansas.	That is pretty crazy. I think I want to be a coach though - in 39 states a coach is the highest paid state employee.
That is pretty crazy. I think I want to be a coach though - in 39 states a coach is the highest paid state employee.	There definitely is a lot of money in sports, even if you arent like Green-Ellis and never have a fumble.
There definitely is a lot of money in sports, even if you arent like Green-Ellis and never have a fumble.	Yeah that is pretty insane. Or you could be like Kareem Adbul-Jabbar who was so good at dunking that he got the shot banned.
Yeah that is pretty insane. Or you could be like Kareem Adbul-Jabbar who was so good at dunking that he got the shot banned.	Some people getting so good they are ruining it for the rest of us. ha ha
Some people getting so good they are ruining it for the rest of us. ha ha	I am only 5'1 so dunking has never been my forte, even though there has been some good short players.
I am only 5'1 so dunking has never been my forte, even though there has been some good short players.	Im not much taller, only 5'6", jumping really hasnt been my strong suit. So a career in basketball was never in my cards, seeing as I am not a strong free thrower, even if it is granny style.
Im not much taller, only 5'6", jumping really hasnt been my strong suit. So a career in basketball was never in my cards, seeing as I am not a strong free thrower, even if it is granny style.	Granny style is the actual most consistent way to shoot but no one ever wants to do that. The hoop is 10 feet high so that's almost twice my height. Much easier for the 7 footers
Granny style is the actual most consistent way to shoot but no one ever wants to do that. The hoop is 10 feet high so that's almost twice my height. Much easier for the 7 footers	Well, I must get going, it has been nice chatting today
Well, I must get going, it has been nice chatting today	Don't hit new zealand - you won't be tall enough for their team!
Don't hit new zealand - you won't be tall enough for their team!	Do you like the NFL?
Do you like the NFL?	I am. I'm a big fan of sports and sports trivia, in general.
I am. I'm a big fan of sports and sports trivia, in general.	Great, sounds like we will get along, I am a fan of sports as well, do you have a favorite team?
Great, sounds like we will get along, I am a fan of sports as well, do you have a favorite team?	Definitely not the Saints. They have a pretty sexist policy I'm not a fan of regarding the cheerleaders and players.
Definitely not the Saints. They have a pretty sexist policy I'm not a fan of regarding the cheerleaders and players.	That rule is so unfair, makes me angry, its really humiliating
That rule is so unfair, makes me angry, its really humiliating	Yeah, can you believe they can't even eat in the same restaurant? Not only that, but if a player comes into the restaurant while a cheerleader is already mid-meal, the cheerleader has to leave.
Yeah, can you believe they can't even eat in the same restaurant? Not only that, but if a player comes into the restaurant while a cheerleader is already mid-meal, the cheerleader has to leave.	Terrible rule, I would be so angry and feel so bad if I had to leave, specially if im with friends and family, humiliating and really unfair,
Terrible rule, I would be so angry and feel so bad if I had to leave, specially if im with friends and family, humiliating and really unfair,	Oddly enough, though, did you know the league itself has no written rule saying women can't play?
Oddly enough, though, did you know the league itself has no written rule saying women can't play?	I don't think that will ever happen, watching a woman play in the NFL
I don't think that will ever happen, watching a woman play in the NFL	Apparently, as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements, they can play.
Apparently, as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements, they can play.	I bet woman could be as capable as men in the game if they had the same strength
I bet woman could be as capable as men in the game if they had the same strength	Sounds like the increase of females in engineering will be worth it over a career in football, anyhow, as the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a football player.
Sounds like the increase of females in engineering will be worth it over a career in football, anyhow, as the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a football player.	Oh I see, and I do agree sexism can be another issue, amazing how much money engineers make
Oh I see, and I do agree sexism can be another issue, amazing how much money engineers make	It's pretty crazy how much football players make though, considering the average game only has an average of 11 minutes of actual gameplay.
It's pretty crazy how much football players make though, considering the average game only has an average of 11 minutes of actual gameplay.	Only 11 minutes? what a scam, the game lasts 60 minutes and only 11 minutes accounts to less than a quarter,
Only 11 minutes? what a scam, the game lasts 60 minutes and only 11 minutes accounts to less than a quarter,	A televised game lasts even longer than an hour, in my experience. I suppose we could use the tracking chips in the players' pads and the balls to find out how they really spend most of their time.
A televised game lasts even longer than an hour, in my experience. I suppose we could use the tracking chips in the players' pads and the balls to find out how they really spend most of their time.	That is a great idea, that way we can tell the distance they actually run, the calories and many different stats about the game, cool facts and stats
That is a great idea, that way we can tell the distance they actually run, the calories and many different stats about the game, cool facts and stats	More specifically, they use the tracking devices to track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.
More specifically, they use the tracking devices to track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.	Do you like basketball as well?
Do you like basketball as well?	I like it less than football, but I think it's funny that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on top of the building called "the highest court in the land".
I like it less than football, but I think it's funny that the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on top of the building called "the highest court in the land".	That is a great name for a court, must be really nice to play or watch a game there, judges must play tournamets all the time
That is a great name for a court, must be really nice to play or watch a game there, judges must play tournamets all the time	Hey! Eli Manning just had a birthday earlier this month. He turned 38 and my guess is, has more cash than everyone I know will ever see. (!)
Hey! Eli Manning just had a birthday earlier this month. He turned 38 and my guess is, has more cash than everyone I know will ever see. (!)	I know! And he was not even the best manning!
I know! And he was not even the best manning!	LOL! I don't really know too much about football and what I do know is a direct result of my husband and sons being die hard Steelers fans. Aside from food, I have no dog in the fight haha. I do know Iowa's visitors locker room is all pink, and I also know The Oregon Duck's have an amazing stadium.
LOL! I don't really know too much about football and what I do know is a direct result of my husband and sons being die hard Steelers fans. Aside from food, I have no dog in the fight haha. I do know Iowa's visitors locker room is all pink, and I also know The Oregon Duck's have an amazing stadium.	You're like my wife but she hates the food I cook because it is usually fatty and not good for you
You're like my wife but she hates the food I cook because it is usually fatty and not good for you	I self-identify as a fat woman when in reality I'm 100 lbs soaking wet - - - Chili, beer, wings, nachos, and some spinach dip are what I'm doing this Sunday for the Super Bowl. Definitely not healthy but, tastey so I'm down for that!
I self-identify as a fat woman when in reality I'm 100 lbs soaking wet - - - Chili, beer, wings, nachos, and some spinach dip are what I'm doing this Sunday for the Super Bowl. Definitely not healthy but, tastey so I'm down for that!	Damn! That sounds great! Im going to make sume jubalaya. I may add some wings now. Although it is supposed to be -40 this week so I may not be able to grill...
Damn! That sounds great! Im going to make sume jubalaya. I may add some wings now. Although it is supposed to be -40 this week so I may not be able to grill...	That's tragic. I wonder if Eli Manning's name is spelled Elisha rather than Elijah or if that is a typo. For a man who has a genuis level IQ I'd suspect he'd be po'ed at his parents for such an unusual spelling of that name
That's tragic. I wonder if Eli Manning's name is spelled Elisha rather than Elijah or if that is a typo. For a man who has a genuis level IQ I'd suspect he'd be po'ed at his parents for such an unusual spelling of that name	When you have 2 super bowl rings and your dad has none, you can be a little mean to him...
When you have 2 super bowl rings and your dad has none, you can be a little mean to him...	I suppose so. "We're winners, and we can do what we want." Wait. That was NASCAR and Talladega Nights, not NFL. I find it hysterical someone was quoted as saying, "Competitors last in this league" speaking of The NFL. I thought NFL stood for "Not For Long." ?
I suppose so. "We're winners, and we can do what we want." Wait. That was NASCAR and Talladega Nights, not NFL. I find it hysterical someone was quoted as saying, "Competitors last in this league" speaking of The NFL. I thought NFL stood for "Not For Long." ?	Maybe he can paint his room pink like the University of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room.
Maybe he can paint his room pink like the University of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room.	lol lol lol How much do pro bowlers make today? If they made more in the 60's than pro football players surely it's more than I'm making now. I'm more into being lazy and I need/want a new job. Maybe I can take up bowling...
lol lol lol How much do pro bowlers make today? If they made more in the 60's than pro football players surely it's more than I'm making now. I'm more into being lazy and I need/want a new job. Maybe I can take up bowling...	Have you ever seen King Pin with Woody Harrelson. Everytime I see bowling on TV, I think to myself "I'm in awe to be around so many great athletes..." and giggle...
Have you ever seen King Pin with Woody Harrelson. Everytime I see bowling on TV, I think to myself "I'm in awe to be around so many great athletes..." and giggle...	Gosh yes - I forgot all about that flick. Should rewatch that.
Gosh yes - I forgot all about that flick. Should rewatch that.	Maybe you could be a movie critic as your new gig! Just watch netflix all day!
Maybe you could be a movie critic as your new gig! Just watch netflix all day!	I'm not flamboyant enough to be a movie critic but bowling and drinking beer is something I would certainly give an honest effort haha.
I'm not flamboyant enough to be a movie critic but bowling and drinking beer is something I would certainly give an honest effort haha.	That's the spirit! I wouldn't be sober enough to practice or compete. Drinking beer at the bowling alley is almost pavlovian...
That's the spirit! I wouldn't be sober enough to practice or compete. Drinking beer at the bowling alley is almost pavlovian...	If Uncle Buck could do it, so could you and I! One rule: No toothpicks allowed haha
If Uncle Buck could do it, so could you and I! One rule: No toothpicks allowed haha	HA! It's like playing darts... you just have a beer while doing it...
HA! It's like playing darts... you just have a beer while doing it...	Did you see the youtube vid where the guy who built the exploding glitter bomb package had also built a dartboard that moves for a bullseye every time? I would need one of those to be successful in darts. Otherwise everyone nearby would need a helmet and pads lol
Did you see the youtube vid where the guy who built the exploding glitter bomb package had also built a dartboard that moves for a bullseye every time? I would need one of those to be successful in darts. Otherwise everyone nearby would need a helmet and pads lol	HA! I did see the exploding glitter bomb. If he sold it on amazon, he could make a killing. People, like me, are so vindictive!
HA! I did see the exploding glitter bomb. If he sold it on amazon, he could make a killing. People, like me, are so vindictive!	I am as well. I use the heck out of Amazon Prime Now and Instacart. I can't even tell you the last time I was even in an actual grocery store or mall... And would be as mad as a baptized cat if someone swiped my stuff off my porch.
I am as well. I use the heck out of Amazon Prime Now and Instacart. I can't even tell you the last time I was even in an actual grocery store or mall... And would be as mad as a baptized cat if someone swiped my stuff off my porch.	I know. I am glad I live in the woods with security cameras! Nice chatting with you!
I know. I am glad I live in the woods with security cameras! Nice chatting with you!	Hi there, would you happen to be a football fan?
Hi there, would you happen to be a football fan?	I'm a big NFL fan!
I'm a big NFL fan!	Cool! Are you a fan of Eli Manning?
Cool! Are you a fan of Eli Manning?	I am. I hope he keeps playing. His first name is Elisha. Different name I've never heard before.
I am. I hope he keeps playing. His first name is Elisha. Different name I've never heard before.	I had no idea! Crazy to think Peyton and their father were all good (for a time..) QBs
I had no idea! Crazy to think Peyton and their father were all good (for a time..) QBs	Yes! I remember when their dad Archie played because I was a kid then and he was a QB during those years. Eli has a genius level IQ.
Yes! I remember when their dad Archie played because I was a kid then and he was a QB during those years. Eli has a genius level IQ.	I wonder what it takes to be a genuis lol
I wonder what it takes to be a genuis lol	I wish I knew the secret. lol Eli played college at the University of Mississippi and was originally drafted by the San Diego Chargers who immediately traded him to the NY Giants.
I wish I knew the secret. lol Eli played college at the University of Mississippi and was originally drafted by the San Diego Chargers who immediately traded him to the NY Giants.	Yea, I don't think he wanted to play there. I see the NFL has no rule against female players.
Yea, I don't think he wanted to play there. I see the NFL has no rule against female players.	Interesting! Wonder if one will ever play. Maybe a kicker? The Saints have an odd rule that prevents females from eating at a restaurant at the same time as an NFL player. Odd rule.
Interesting! Wonder if one will ever play. Maybe a kicker? The Saints have an odd rule that prevents females from eating at a restaurant at the same time as an NFL player. Odd rule.	I could see a woman kicker player in the NFL. an average game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
I could see a woman kicker player in the NFL. an average game has only 11 minutes of live gameplay.	Crazy when you think that the games stretch out to over 3 hours. lol The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.
Crazy when you think that the games stretch out to over 3 hours. lol The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that the earnings of an average NFL or MLB player.	Yea, shorter careers for sure. I believe they offer financial counseling too
Yea, shorter careers for sure. I believe they offer financial counseling too	Interesting. They need it. I read somewhere that NFL players are broke too years after retiring from the game. Did you know they put tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to record data?
Interesting. They need it. I read somewhere that NFL players are broke too years after retiring from the game. Did you know they put tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to record data?	I figured they had to know about speed and velocity somehow. I wonder if they are really small?
I figured they had to know about speed and velocity somehow. I wonder if they are really small?	They would have to be I would think? Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
They would have to be I would think? Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?	I don't know - from before the super bowl era?
I don't know - from before the super bowl era?	Oh yeah...in 1916. lol Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
Oh yeah...in 1916. lol Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!	Well, I could call that a blowout...
Well, I could call that a blowout...	Defintately! lol In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars during that time. Times have sure changed since then.
Defintately! lol In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars during that time. Times have sure changed since then.	Definitely
Definitely	I do not appreciate the Redskins effort against the Giants . It got worse
I do not appreciate the Redskins effort against the Giants . It got worse	Which teams do you expect to win the Superbowl?
Which teams do you expect to win the Superbowl?	I think any team could win that since it is a game of the champions
I think any team could win that since it is a game of the champions	The Redskins certainly will not win, it seems.
The Redskins certainly will not win, it seems.	No they will not. They know that themselves. That is the result of their self-critiques in the visitors locker room at Metlife stadium
No they will not. They know that themselves. That is the result of their self-critiques in the visitors locker room at Metlife stadium	Will the Giants make it?
Will the Giants make it?	Of course, everyone knows that, Giant has always been a team with good forward and they sliced on redskin defense
Of course, everyone knows that, Giant has always been a team with good forward and they sliced on redskin defense	The NFL actually has 32 teams/ Each year some of them are not competitive, though.
The NFL actually has 32 teams/ Each year some of them are not competitive, though.	Yes and the Giants had always seem to stand out in them. They have most of their rushing total in Dec. 21, 2008. When they won Carolina
Yes and the Giants had always seem to stand out in them. They have most of their rushing total in Dec. 21, 2008. When they won Carolina	Apparently the University of Iowa features pink locker rooms.
Apparently the University of Iowa features pink locker rooms.	I am not sure what you mean by that. But i will like to chip in this fact that football recorded the highest score ever in 1916
I am not sure what you mean by that. But i will like to chip in this fact that football recorded the highest score ever in 1916	That's so long ago. Apparently this game featured Georgia Tech.
That's so long ago. Apparently this game featured Georgia Tech.	Of course yes, it ended in a 222-0. Wow that is so huge
Of course yes, it ended in a 222-0. Wow that is so huge	I have never seen such a blowout. BenJarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled.
I have never seen such a blowout. BenJarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled.	Yes, i learnt that but i don't know if he make that much because it is a known fact that the top player from 1960 made twice as much as top football stars
Yes, i learnt that but i don't know if he make that much because it is a known fact that the top player from 1960 made twice as much as top football stars	ESPN came out with the yellow line on the televised field.
ESPN came out with the yellow line on the televised field.	That is cool, it helped a lot. Do you know of a New York Giants player called Eli. The short form for Elisha
That is cool, it helped a lot. Do you know of a New York Giants player called Eli. The short form for Elisha	Bowlers used to get paid more than football stars.
Bowlers used to get paid more than football stars.	Yes, i know that but do you pay attention to Eli, He was the overall pick for 2004 NFL Draft
Yes, i know that but do you pay attention to Eli, He was the overall pick for 2004 NFL Draft	He has been a decent NFL QB, born in 1981.
He has been a decent NFL QB, born in 1981.	I have a cousin that was his great fan because of his genius level IQ
I have a cousin that was his great fan because of his genius level IQ	His full name is Elisha.
His full name is Elisha.	Do you follow the NFL? What do you think about their loss to the Giants?
Do you follow the NFL? What do you think about their loss to the Giants?	I do watch the NFL. The NFC east is really competitive. It could have gone either way...
I do watch the NFL. The NFC east is really competitive. It could have gone either way...	They gave up 200 yards and missed too many tackles. They just didn't continue the momentum they had.
They gave up 200 yards and missed too many tackles. They just didn't continue the momentum they had.	They missed out on a 3 game winning streak to finish the season. I do not like them so Im kinda glad...
They missed out on a 3 game winning streak to finish the season. I do not like them so Im kinda glad...	That's too bad. Do you know there is no rule against female players.
That's too bad. Do you know there is no rule against female players.	I did not. I think it would be scary to watch women play against some of the larger football players.
I did not. I think it would be scary to watch women play against some of the larger football players.	Surprisingly, though New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave a diner if they see another NFL player in the restaurant. Unfair standards.
Surprisingly, though New Orleans Saints cheerleaders have to leave a diner if they see another NFL player in the restaurant. Unfair standards.	Seems sexist. Maybe that's why they lost 2 weeks ago on a bad call... karma!
Seems sexist. Maybe that's why they lost 2 weeks ago on a bad call... karma!	I'm glad for the yellow line though from ESPN. It helps a lot on calls in football. They won an award Emmy for it.
I'm glad for the yellow line though from ESPN. It helps a lot on calls in football. They won an award Emmy for it.	When it first came out, I told my wife that people had to move it and that players have tripped on it. Im a bad person...
When it first came out, I told my wife that people had to move it and that players have tripped on it. Im a bad person...	I wish I was at the game where 222 points was scored in football back in 1916. That would have been a trip at Georgia tech.
I wish I was at the game where 222 points was scored in football back in 1916. That would have been a trip at Georgia tech.	You gotta pull the QB at 60-0, right? Speaking of emasculating, Iowa paints their visiting locker room pink.
You gotta pull the QB at 60-0, right? Speaking of emasculating, Iowa paints their visiting locker room pink.	Sounds like another intimidation factor. Bowlers made more than top football stars in the 60's. That's crazy!
Sounds like another intimidation factor. Bowlers made more than top football stars in the 60's. That's crazy!	That's odd! They don't make more than Elisha Manning!
That's odd! They don't make more than Elisha Manning!	How much does Elisha make?
How much does Elisha make?	Millions! He's the QB for the NY Giants football team.
Millions! He's the QB for the NY Giants football team.	His brother also plays and his dad played.
His brother also plays and his dad played.	I feel bad for his older brother Cooper. He never played. Seems like he's the odd man out.
I feel bad for his older brother Cooper. He never played. Seems like he's the odd man out.	Eli Manning and Peyton both were number one drafts
Eli Manning and Peyton both were number one drafts	Yes they were. I wonder where Archie was drafted?
Yes they were. I wonder where Archie was drafted?	I'm not sure, but Manning played for University of Mississippi 2000 to 2003 and was first pick for San Diego but immediately traded to the Giants. Lucky for the Giants.
I'm not sure, but Manning played for University of Mississippi 2000 to 2003 and was first pick for San Diego but immediately traded to the Giants. Lucky for the Giants.	Nice chatting with you!
Nice chatting with you!	Hey there my friend you ever watch football on television?
Hey there my friend you ever watch football on television?	I do not follow football but I do watch it occassionally.
I do not follow football but I do watch it occassionally.	I watch the Super Bowl. I don't normally watch a lot of sports though. Do you like the Patriots? They have a player that has never fumbled the ball before. His name is Benjarvus Green-Ellis
I watch the Super Bowl. I don't normally watch a lot of sports though. Do you like the Patriots? They have a player that has never fumbled the ball before. His name is Benjarvus Green-Ellis	No I do not like the Patriots. I think that is a former player though, Yes that is impressive, I wonder why this guy isnt more known
No I do not like the Patriots. I think that is a former player though, Yes that is impressive, I wonder why this guy isnt more known	Yes I agree with you. Like I said I don't really watch sports so I'm not sure if he's a current player or not haha. What I do know is that ESPN won an Emmy. They created that yellow line that shows the first downs on football games
Yes I agree with you. Like I said I don't really watch sports so I'm not sure if he's a current player or not haha. What I do know is that ESPN won an Emmy. They created that yellow line that shows the first downs on football games	good for them! I hear the highest score in football was 222-0! That is crazy!
good for them! I hear the highest score in football was 222-0! That is crazy!	I know right! I can't believe that Georgia Tech was that much better. I would have left the stands once it got to 100 to 0 LOL
I know right! I can't believe that Georgia Tech was that much better. I would have left the stands once it got to 100 to 0 LOL	I know right, lol me too!
I know right, lol me too!	What are your thoughts on Eli Manning? I know that he was super dominant back when he played.
What are your thoughts on Eli Manning? I know that he was super dominant back when he played.	I know Eli is short for Elisha.
I know Eli is short for Elisha.	That is really weird. Also I didn't know he was born in 1981. I've never heard the name Elicia before. also apparently he has a genius-level IQ
That is really weird. Also I didn't know he was born in 1981. I've never heard the name Elicia before. also apparently he has a genius-level IQ	Thats amazing! Is he related to Taryn Manning? Shes from orange is the new black.
Thats amazing! Is he related to Taryn Manning? Shes from orange is the new black.	Oh I didn't know that. I've never seen that show so I have no idea. I guess he is the son of NFL quarterback Archie Manning in the younger brother of NFL quarterback Peyton Manning. It's definitely in their blood to be good quarterbacks haha
Oh I didn't know that. I've never seen that show so I have no idea. I guess he is the son of NFL quarterback Archie Manning in the younger brother of NFL quarterback Peyton Manning. It's definitely in their blood to be good quarterbacks haha	I dont know if he is related to her, I was just asking. Yeah thats interesting. I guess they just have that natural talent.
I dont know if he is related to her, I was just asking. Yeah thats interesting. I guess they just have that natural talent.	Did you know that the NFL uses tracking chips in the shoulder pads? They can track the location and position of all the players as well as the ball
Did you know that the NFL uses tracking chips in the shoulder pads? They can track the location and position of all the players as well as the ball	Thats that is really cool, they also put it in the football.
Thats that is really cool, they also put it in the football.	Yep you're right. They can tell the ball speed ,location, rotation and velocity, I just hope that they stopped the tracking after the players leave the field haha that would be super awkward
Yep you're right. They can tell the ball speed ,location, rotation and velocity, I just hope that they stopped the tracking after the players leave the field haha that would be super awkward	Its in their shoulder pads, so I guess it depends where they take those lol
Its in their shoulder pads, so I guess it depends where they take those lol	Haha yep well as long as they don't take anywhere those home LOL. What do you think of the fact that the NFL game on average only has about 11 minutes of gameplay, that seems solo to me
Haha yep well as long as they don't take anywhere those home LOL. What do you think of the fact that the NFL game on average only has about 11 minutes of gameplay, that seems solo to me	yeah that crazy, too many time outs, breaks, commercials
yeah that crazy, too many time outs, breaks, commercials	Yep it gets annoying after a while. I wonder if we will ever have a female player, do you think that we will? There's no rule against it apparently
Yep it gets annoying after a while. I wonder if we will ever have a female player, do you think that we will? There's no rule against it apparently	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Hello Im great Im happy because my favorite team won the Superbowl on the weekend! so happy indeed.
Hello Im great Im happy because my favorite team won the Superbowl on the weekend! so happy indeed.	You're a Pats fan???? Congrats on the win!
You're a Pats fan???? Congrats on the win!	I am a Patriots fan and thanks a lot, what team do you like, AFC or NFC?
I am a Patriots fan and thanks a lot, what team do you like, AFC or NFC?	I like the Bears so NFC north. I was rooting for the Pats though. What did you do to celebrate?
I like the Bears so NFC north. I was rooting for the Pats though. What did you do to celebrate?	How did the Bears do this season? do you know if they are getting new players this season and I was with friends and family I drank a lot of beer and got wasted lol
How did the Bears do this season? do you know if they are getting new players this season and I was with friends and family I drank a lot of beer and got wasted lol	They made the playoffs but lost on a missed kick to Philly. We're not getting anyone. We're ok and will add a few pieces. At least our locker room isn't pink..
They made the playoffs but lost on a missed kick to Philly. We're not getting anyone. We're ok and will add a few pieces. At least our locker room isn't pink..	Its better to mantain a solid base, sounds like you were close and yeah I wonder what is the effect of those pink locker rooms on visiting teams
Its better to mantain a solid base, sounds like you were close and yeah I wonder what is the effect of those pink locker rooms on visiting teams	Not as bad as a 222-0 whoopin' georgia tech put on cumberland.
Not as bad as a 222-0 whoopin' georgia tech put on cumberland.	That must be the most humilliating loss in football history, I would have retire from football after that game if you lose by more than 200 points and didnt score then something is seriously wrong.
That must be the most humilliating loss in football history, I would have retire from football after that game if you lose by more than 200 points and didnt score then something is seriously wrong.	I think it should be forced retirement if you lose by more than 200. You should never wear a uniform again. As I was writing that, I thought, where is cumberland anyways???? So they may have been forced into retirement...
I think it should be forced retirement if you lose by more than 200. You should never wear a uniform again. As I was writing that, I thought, where is cumberland anyways???? So they may have been forced into retirement...	I dont think they have a football team anymore lol, they were in need of a player like Benjarvus Green Ellis.
I dont think they have a football team anymore lol, they were in need of a player like Benjarvus Green Ellis.	Or maybe they didn't have the yellow line and didn't know where the first down was?
Or maybe they didn't have the yellow line and didn't know where the first down was?	Could be, I guess we have ESPN to thank for that now, it was a great contribution although not sure if it deserved an emmy.
Could be, I guess we have ESPN to thank for that now, it was a great contribution although not sure if it deserved an emmy.	An emmy is pretty far. But can you imagine watching without it now?
An emmy is pretty far. But can you imagine watching without it now?	Yeah I agree, it did change things for football, do you know who Eli Manning is?
Yeah I agree, it did change things for football, do you know who Eli Manning is?	I do. He's Payton's little brother right? What's he do for a living?
I do. He's Payton's little brother right? What's he do for a living?	He is the quarterback of the Giants, I guess football runs in the family
He is the quarterback of the Giants, I guess football runs in the family	I would say so! Isn't his dad a famous football player too?
I would say so! Isn't his dad a famous football player too?	Yup he played for around 13 seasons and was a pretty good player as well, Elis first name is actually Elisha, I think someone wanted a girl lol
Yup he played for around 13 seasons and was a pretty good player as well, Elis first name is actually Elisha, I think someone wanted a girl lol	I would say so. I think Eli was a good choice but it is hard to pick on an Elisha when he can throw a ball through your chest.
I would say so. I think Eli was a good choice but it is hard to pick on an Elisha when he can throw a ball through your chest.	I agree lol, probably wouldnt want to mess with him, you know Eli actually has a high iq like at a genius level.
I agree lol, probably wouldnt want to mess with him, you know Eli actually has a high iq like at a genius level.	Do you follow the NFL?
Do you follow the NFL?	I don't really watch it much, how about you?
I don't really watch it much, how about you?	I do, I love the sport, so the NFL has 2 divisions NFC and AFC
I do, I love the sport, so the NFL has 2 divisions NFC and AFC	Interesting, so the National football conference and the American football conference. And they play against each other it seems.
Interesting, so the National football conference and the American football conference. And they play against each other it seems.	Well 16 teams in each division, the play against each other and then they face the champion of the other conference in the Super bowl so its AFC vs NFC in the end.
Well 16 teams in each division, the play against each other and then they face the champion of the other conference in the Super bowl so its AFC vs NFC in the end.	That sounds pretty interesting! Apparently the NFL has no written rules about females joining.
That sounds pretty interesting! Apparently the NFL has no written rules about females joining.	Really? so females could also play? that is a bit unusual I don't think I have the stomach to watch that.
Really? so females could also play? that is a bit unusual I don't think I have the stomach to watch that.	Yeah, but they would have to be pretty strong to meet the requirements I imagine. I wonder if there have been any females in the NFL?
Yeah, but they would have to be pretty strong to meet the requirements I imagine. I wonder if there have been any females in the NFL?	I don't think so I haven't seen one at least. Interesting how players have tracking chips in their shoulders
I don't think so I haven't seen one at least. Interesting how players have tracking chips in their shoulders	Yeah, that is a bit strange. Also very interesting how there's only actually 11 minutes of game play!
Yeah, that is a bit strange. Also very interesting how there's only actually 11 minutes of game play!	only 11 minutes woah, thats not much at all, games last 2-3 hours,
only 11 minutes woah, thats not much at all, games last 2-3 hours,	Yeah, there is so much that goes into it with such little actual game play. New Orleans saints cheerleaders and players are not allowed to dine together. Very strange.
Yeah, there is so much that goes into it with such little actual game play. New Orleans saints cheerleaders and players are not allowed to dine together. Very strange.	That is strange, I don't like that rule I hear that cheerleaders have to leave if a player arrives at a restaurant so unfair.
That is strange, I don't like that rule I hear that cheerleaders have to leave if a player arrives at a restaurant so unfair.	Yeah, I wonder why it was made up or if it's even enforced. The university of Iowas visiting locker room is painted pink!
Yeah, I wonder why it was made up or if it's even enforced. The university of Iowas visiting locker room is painted pink!	That's funny, that would confuse a team or two lol, being all pumped up in a pink locker room that is funny.
That's funny, that would confuse a team or two lol, being all pumped up in a pink locker room that is funny.	I think I read once that pink it a calming color, they use it in some jails too. The highest score in a football game was 222-0. Ouch.
I think I read once that pink it a calming color, they use it in some jails too. The highest score in a football game was 222-0. Ouch.	222-0 woah!! that is a humiliating defeat, the other team was blind or thought they were scoring in the wrong direction.
222-0 woah!! that is a humiliating defeat, the other team was blind or thought they were scoring in the wrong direction.	Yeah, I can't imagine what was going on to lose that bad! The top bowlers in the 1960s made more than the top football stars. Times have definitely changed.
Yeah, I can't imagine what was going on to lose that bad! The top bowlers in the 1960s made more than the top football stars. Times have definitely changed.	They made more money really? I guess that score makes more sense now, did you hear about the Emmy ESPN won back in the day?
They made more money really? I guess that score makes more sense now, did you hear about the Emmy ESPN won back in the day?	I haven't heard about that, how did they manage that?
I haven't heard about that, how did they manage that?	They won the Emmy because of the creation of the yellow first down line, anyway its been great chatting with you.
They won the Emmy because of the creation of the yellow first down line, anyway its been great chatting with you.	Interesting! Nice chatting with you too!
Interesting! Nice chatting with you too!	Yeah a lot of cool facts and thanks for that I feel a lot smarter, have an nice night.
Yeah a lot of cool facts and thanks for that I feel a lot smarter, have an nice night.	Good morning! How are you today?
Good morning! How are you today?	hi how are you? I'm good
hi how are you? I'm good	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football at all?
I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football at all?	I sometimes watch. i try to watch the super bowl.
I sometimes watch. i try to watch the super bowl.	This year it was so boring! It was even more boring to know that only 11 minutes of live gameplay happened in it haha.
This year it was so boring! It was even more boring to know that only 11 minutes of live gameplay happened in it haha.	I think the game was better the previous year. a big comeback at the end. 11 minutes? yeah, it seems too short. but there is so much violence, people love it.
I think the game was better the previous year. a big comeback at the end. 11 minutes? yeah, it seems too short. but there is so much violence, people love it.	Oh I agree! I bet it was a better game than in 1916 where Cumberland lost to Georgia Tech 222-0 lol.
Oh I agree! I bet it was a better game than in 1916 where Cumberland lost to Georgia Tech 222-0 lol.	I wonder what the coach was thinking there. I think that a game like that is shameful. what is the point?
I wonder what the coach was thinking there. I think that a game like that is shameful. what is the point?	I feel like the team just gave up from the beginning. Maybe they had a pink locker room like the Iowa Hawkeye's visitor locker room is.
I feel like the team just gave up from the beginning. Maybe they had a pink locker room like the Iowa Hawkeye's visitor locker room is.	that pink locker room stunt! does that work at all? does u of Iowa win a lot at home? i doubt it.
that pink locker room stunt! does that work at all? does u of Iowa win a lot at home? i doubt it.	I don't think it works. I'm a Hawkeye fan and they seem to win more on the road haha.
I don't think it works. I'm a Hawkeye fan and they seem to win more on the road haha.	if it worked, other teams would do the same thing. still, it is a fun fact.
if it worked, other teams would do the same thing. still, it is a fun fact.	Well said! Can you believe the Green Bay Packers have been around since 1919?
Well said! Can you believe the Green Bay Packers have been around since 1919?	Yes, i can. that is a strange name though. what exactly do they pack?
Yes, i can. that is a strange name though. what exactly do they pack?	I'm not sure! I know they were started based off the name of Indian Packing Company!
I'm not sure! I know they were started based off the name of Indian Packing Company!	Oh, that makes sense. were they a meat packing company? did they own the team? i think the team is owned by the city now.
Oh, that makes sense. were they a meat packing company? did they own the team? i think the team is owned by the city now.	I know they paid for the Packers first uniforms if they named the team after them. Good move on their part since they've sold out every game since 1960!
I know they paid for the Packers first uniforms if they named the team after them. Good move on their part since they've sold out every game since 1960!	yeah, i wonder how much it would cost to buy tix from someone. the secondary market must be expensive.
yeah, i wonder how much it would cost to buy tix from someone. the secondary market must be expensive.	I agree! I wish I would have been at the game where they first lost to the Beloit Fairies. That is a unique name for a football team!
I agree! I wish I would have been at the game where they first lost to the Beloit Fairies. That is a unique name for a football team!	What a name. How would you like play for that team? "Hello, im a fairy. No seriously, I am!" Anyway, great chat!
What a name. How would you like play for that team? "Hello, im a fairy. No seriously, I am!" Anyway, great chat!	Haha too funny! Have a great day!
Haha too funny! Have a great day!	do you like football?
do you like football?	I sure do. Snoop Dogg once wrote a song for his son's team
I sure do. Snoop Dogg once wrote a song for his son's team	WOw. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
WOw. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink	WOw I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on the players
WOw I wonder if that is supposed to have some impact on the players	I wonder too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s
I wonder too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yeah I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day
Yeah I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?
True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes it was 222-0 and that was in 1916, do you know who was playing?
Yes it was 222-0 and that was in 1916, do you know who was playing?	Yes it was Georgia Tech that made history with that win against Cumberland
Yes it was Georgia Tech that made history with that win against Cumberland	Yeah. Did you know that more than half of the largest football stadiums are in the US?
Yeah. Did you know that more than half of the largest football stadiums are in the US?	Really that is amazing. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line
Really that is amazing. ESPN won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow line	Yeah. Did you hear NFL is using tracking chips on the players now?
Yeah. Did you hear NFL is using tracking chips on the players now?	WOw cool. Did you know that women can play in the NFL?
WOw cool. Did you know that women can play in the NFL?	Nice. THe tracking chips are being used to collect information like velocity and rotation and such
Nice. THe tracking chips are being used to collect information like velocity and rotation and such	Nice, I wonder if they can use that to make the game safer
Nice, I wonder if they can use that to make the game safer	Good point. Did you know Matt Patricia used to be a rocket scientist
Good point. Did you know Matt Patricia used to be a rocket scientist	Wow that is such a huge career jump, amazing
Wow that is such a huge career jump, amazing	I know. Do you know when the first NFL playoff game was played?
I know. Do you know when the first NFL playoff game was played?	I actually do not know that, when was it?
I actually do not know that, when was it?	It was back in 1932, very long ago. Nice chat
It was back in 1932, very long ago. Nice chat	Same here
Same here	How much do you know about american football?
How much do you know about american football?	nothing at all!
nothing at all!	Do you know that the NFL is the american football league?
Do you know that the NFL is the american football league?	I do know that. The national football league, right?
I do know that. The national football league, right?	Yes, I was suprised to learn that they actually have no written rule about not allowing female players. If they met the requirements of the league, women would be able to play. Also did you know that an average game only shows 11 minutes of live gameplay?
Yes, I was suprised to learn that they actually have no written rule about not allowing female players. If they met the requirements of the league, women would be able to play. Also did you know that an average game only shows 11 minutes of live gameplay?	I just read that! And don't the games last for 2 hours usually? What are they doing in the mean time?
I just read that! And don't the games last for 2 hours usually? What are they doing in the mean time?	There is a lot of commentary, breaks in between, positioning themselves, and etc. It is those few minutes the ball is thrown that makes or breaks the game.
There is a lot of commentary, breaks in between, positioning themselves, and etc. It is those few minutes the ball is thrown that makes or breaks the game.	Thats crazy that it all takes so long. Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.Do you like football?
Thats crazy that it all takes so long. Nfl uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads to record a players every move on the field. they are also located inside footballs to track: velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.Do you like football?	While I am not as passionate about it as some, I do have a passing interest. At the end of the day, they are collecting data to make better decisions to win the nfl.
While I am not as passionate about it as some, I do have a passing interest. At the end of the day, they are collecting data to make better decisions to win the nfl.	Do you watch the
Do you watch the	What do I watch?
What do I watch?	Hit the wrong key! Do you watch the Green Bay Packers?
Hit the wrong key! Do you watch the Green Bay Packers?	I recently read that they are the only community owned major franchise in american professional sports, having a sold out game since 1960 and involving the community as a whole.
I recently read that they are the only community owned major franchise in american professional sports, having a sold out game since 1960 and involving the community as a whole.	Thats awesome! The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them.
Thats awesome! The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them.	Wow how long a way they have come from barely having their uniforms to being a nationally recognized football team.
Wow how long a way they have come from barely having their uniforms to being a nationally recognized football team.	The green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 too!
The green bay packers have sold out every game since 1960 too!	Indeed, they have an impressive history as the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL.
Indeed, they have an impressive history as the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL.	I wonder why the new orleans saints wont let their cheerleaders eat in the same resturant as the players?
I wonder why the new orleans saints wont let their cheerleaders eat in the same resturant as the players?	I also wonder if there is a story behind it. What do you think may be the reason?
I also wonder if there is a story behind it. What do you think may be the reason?	Maybe they tend to get the crowd worked up? the NFL has 32 teams that play!
Maybe they tend to get the crowd worked up? the NFL has 32 teams that play!	Perhaps. This was a nice discussion. After we finish, I am curious to look up why.
Perhaps. This was a nice discussion. After we finish, I am curious to look up why.	Me too! Nice to talk to you today!
Me too! Nice to talk to you today!	Hello!
Hello!	Hello, happy new years!
Hello, happy new years!	Happy New Years! Do you like football? Did you know Aaron Jones carried the ball 17 times for 107 yards!
Happy New Years! Do you like football? Did you know Aaron Jones carried the ball 17 times for 107 yards!	Yes, I really like soccer. What a good move this man made
Yes, I really like soccer. What a good move this man made	Definitely! The Green Bay Packers are a very good team.
Definitely! The Green Bay Packers are a very good team.	Is that your favorite team?
Is that your favorite team?	Yes, they are a great team I think. I have others but they are doing so good.
Yes, they are a great team I think. I have others but they are doing so good.	Well, I have many favorites, in fact I enjoy more to see the best ones than to rival them
Well, I have many favorites, in fact I enjoy more to see the best ones than to rival them	Yes! Very true although Prime pick success rate: 5-7 Green Bay Packers (-1) at Detroit Lions Pick:
Yes! Very true although Prime pick success rate: 5-7 Green Bay Packers (-1) at Detroit Lions Pick:	Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football. These different variations of football are known as football codes.
Sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football. These different variations of football are known as football codes.	Cool! Very interesting! It's crazy that the NFL consists of 32 teams! That's a lot. Football is amazing
Cool! Very interesting! It's crazy that the NFL consists of 32 teams! That's a lot. Football is amazing	Yes, too much. Hey, what do you think about field football?
Yes, too much. Hey, what do you think about field football?	I like it! I like all sports really. I think which type of football you like depends on the area you live in. I like them all.
I like it! I like all sports really. I think which type of football you like depends on the area you live in. I like them all.	Well, maybe it's in the area. I am more fond of this type of football in general, but I also enjoy other
Well, maybe it's in the area. I am more fond of this type of football in general, but I also enjoy other	Did you know the highest score of a football game was 222-0 that's crazy! Back in 1916.
Did you know the highest score of a football game was 222-0 that's crazy! Back in 1916.	Wow, that team was very mediocre. They would be playing with cones, hahahaha
Wow, that team was very mediocre. They would be playing with cones, hahahaha	HAHAHA, That's true! I think it's funny that University of Iowa painted the locker room pink for the visiting teams, so funny!
HAHAHA, That's true! I think it's funny that University of Iowa painted the locker room pink for the visiting teams, so funny!	Hahahaha yeah. They like to make them big rivals to provoke. Although everything is part of the show
Hahahaha yeah. They like to make them big rivals to provoke. Although everything is part of the show	Very true! It's very interesting to know that Bowlers....made twice as much money as football stars in the 60's...weird!
Very true! It's very interesting to know that Bowlers....made twice as much money as football stars in the 60's...weird!	Hey, what do you think about what the famous David Beckan did in our country with the stadium I think?
Hey, what do you think about what the famous David Beckan did in our country with the stadium I think?	I don't know too much about that. but we need to keep watching football for sure! It has been great chatting! Have a great day!
I don't know too much about that. but we need to keep watching football for sure! It has been great chatting! Have a great day!	You have a good day
You have a good day	Hello
Hello	Good morning. Football huh? Was interesting to see that Women could be in the league if they met league eligibility.
Good morning. Football huh? Was interesting to see that Women could be in the league if they met league eligibility.	Yeah, me too.An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay
Yeah, me too.An average nfl game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay	I would be curious to actually time that during some game. I wonder why they chose to put chips in the shoulder pads? They must be pretty strong to withstand the force on the field!
I would be curious to actually time that during some game. I wonder why they chose to put chips in the shoulder pads? They must be pretty strong to withstand the force on the field!	Yeah, I was blow away by that. New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.
Yeah, I was blow away by that. New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave.	Seems to me a little sexist. I wonder why only that team and not any of the others like the Packers. I wonder if being community owned any money made by the team goes back to the community in some fashion or back into the team?
Seems to me a little sexist. I wonder why only that team and not any of the others like the Packers. I wonder if being community owned any money made by the team goes back to the community in some fashion or back into the team?	Hmmmm. The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them.
Hmmmm. The green bay packers are named after the indian packing company, who paid for their first uniforms on the condition the team be named after them.	Yes and beat by fairies..appropriate ;) . Some things about this sport are interesting. I couldn't imagine having gone to the Georgia Tech game. A 222-0 score?? Did the other team even show up?
Yes and beat by fairies..appropriate ;) . Some things about this sport are interesting. I couldn't imagine having gone to the Georgia Tech game. A 222-0 score?? Did the other team even show up?	That's absolutely crazy. What a boring game to attend????? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
That's absolutely crazy. What a boring game to attend????? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink	Guess they think that is going to psych out the opponent. I would think that would trigger them to play harder. Guess there are just some teams that don't feel the need for gimmicks to win or draw in fans. If the Packers have been able to sell out ever game since 1960 and have a wait list for tickets 30 years out?? Wow.
Guess they think that is going to psych out the opponent. I would think that would trigger them to play harder. Guess there are just some teams that don't feel the need for gimmicks to win or draw in fans. If the Packers have been able to sell out ever game since 1960 and have a wait list for tickets 30 years out?? Wow.	Not a fan of Rodgers but the green bay packers are the only community owned, not for profit major franchise in american professional sports
Not a fan of Rodgers but the green bay packers are the only community owned, not for profit major franchise in american professional sports	I live in Minnesota so definitely not a fan of the Pack. I am more player fan anyway. I love Odell from the Giants. Guess he isn't going to be going anywhere but Eli might be looking for a new team.
I live in Minnesota so definitely not a fan of the Pack. I am more player fan anyway. I love Odell from the Giants. Guess he isn't going to be going anywhere but Eli might be looking for a new team.	I'm a die hard Cowboys fan. I can't wait for this weekend.
I'm a die hard Cowboys fan. I can't wait for this weekend.	Who are they playing? America's team...wonder who gave them that name? Guess if I had to pick a team it would be Da Bears and Khalil Mack. Big on Defensive. Think it is what really wins the games.
Who are they playing? America's team...wonder who gave them that name? Guess if I had to pick a team it would be Da Bears and Khalil Mack. Big on Defensive. Think it is what really wins the games.	Cowboys have the Seahawks at home. Not sure what to expect from them. Dallas defense is for real though. Lawrence and the LBs are something else.
Cowboys have the Seahawks at home. Not sure what to expect from them. Dallas defense is for real though. Lawrence and the LBs are something else.	Seahawks are going to be touch at home. They claim their stadium has one of the best home filed advantages. out of 139 games to win 99 of them, they might be right.
Seahawks are going to be touch at home. They claim their stadium has one of the best home filed advantages. out of 139 games to win 99 of them, they might be right.	Yes, they are tough at home no doubt. Dallas plays at home though. The NFL is one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America,
Yes, they are tough at home no doubt. Dallas plays at home though. The NFL is one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America,	I wonder if they will ever go higher than the 32 teams or are they just going to keep moving teams around. How many times can LA get a team and then they move. Rams, Raiders..they have both moved several times from there already.
I wonder if they will ever go higher than the 32 teams or are they just going to keep moving teams around. How many times can LA get a team and then they move. Rams, Raiders..they have both moved several times from there already.	Lol, not doubt I've enjoyed this chat. One last cool fact, Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.
Lol, not doubt I've enjoyed this chat. One last cool fact, Former partiots rb benjarvus green-ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career.	I saw that- talk about a great statistic!! Do you know who he played for? Name isn't familiar to me. I guess I also thought the Super Bowl went back further than 1960's 70's?
I saw that- talk about a great statistic!! Do you know who he played for? Name isn't familiar to me. I guess I also thought the Super Bowl went back further than 1960's 70's?	He was a Patriot
He was a Patriot	Hi there. Do you like the Packers? It is the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL.
Hi there. Do you like the Packers? It is the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL.	Hi! I love the Packers, actually! But I don't love how the waiting list for season tickets exceeds 100k names and nearly 30 years! That is just ridiculous!
Hi! I love the Packers, actually! But I don't love how the waiting list for season tickets exceeds 100k names and nearly 30 years! That is just ridiculous!	Yes that is crazy indeed. They are the only community owned not for profit franchise!
Yes that is crazy indeed. They are the only community owned not for profit franchise!	That is one aspect I do love about the Packers as well! I also think it's funny that in the 2011 Super Bowl, the Steelers entered to the song "Black and Yellow" by Wiz Khalifa while the Packers came out to the remix by Lil Wayne "Green and Yellow". I wonder if that was intentional? Ha!
That is one aspect I do love about the Packers as well! I also think it's funny that in the 2011 Super Bowl, the Steelers entered to the song "Black and Yellow" by Wiz Khalifa while the Packers came out to the remix by Lil Wayne "Green and Yellow". I wonder if that was intentional? Ha!	Yes that is very funny! The packers are actually named after the Indian Packing Company! Wonder how that happened?
Yes that is very funny! The packers are actually named after the Indian Packing Company! Wonder how that happened?	I wonder that as well! But I think it's surprising they've been playing home games at Lambeau Field since 1957. That's a very long time!
I wonder that as well! But I think it's surprising they've been playing home games at Lambeau Field since 1957. That's a very long time!	Yes that is very historic. They have sold out every game in that place since 1960!
Yes that is very historic. They have sold out every game in that place since 1960!	That is unbelievable! I do love how there's a clock at Lambeau that's set 15 minutes early to honor Vince Lombardi as he always believed if you aren't 15 minutes early, you're late. I absolutely love that quote!
That is unbelievable! I do love how there's a clock at Lambeau that's set 15 minutes early to honor Vince Lombardi as he always believed if you aren't 15 minutes early, you're late. I absolutely love that quote!	Yes that is a great quote very sentimental. The first team to ever beat the packers was the Beloit Fairies. Must be the Packers no lol.
Yes that is a great quote very sentimental. The first team to ever beat the packers was the Beloit Fairies. Must be the Packers no lol.	Ha! That's funny but also embarrassing! Speaking of historical facts, did you know the first playoff game in the NFL was played on an 80 yard long dirt field back in 1932? The field was actually home to the NHL's Blackhawks!
Ha! That's funny but also embarrassing! Speaking of historical facts, did you know the first playoff game in the NFL was played on an 80 yard long dirt field back in 1932? The field was actually home to the NHL's Blackhawks!	Wow that is cool. When did they switch to 100 yards? The footballers didn't always make so much money, in the 60's they were out profited by bowlers!
Wow that is cool. When did they switch to 100 yards? The footballers didn't always make so much money, in the 60's they were out profited by bowlers!	That is so sad considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is. Fast forward to today, they've come so far in football, they're sticking these tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move. I'm glad they can afford to do that now!
That is so sad considering how rough football is compared to how easy bowling is. Fast forward to today, they've come so far in football, they're sticking these tracking chips in the players' shoulder pads to record their every move. I'm glad they can afford to do that now!	Exactly. Good point. The formers Pats running back Green-Ellis never once fumbled the ball!
Exactly. Good point. The formers Pats running back Green-Ellis never once fumbled the ball!	Now that takes serious talent and skill! It kind of reminds of Ben Roethlisberger. He has the most wins as a QB in the Browns' home stadium since they were reintroduced in the league and he plays for the Steelers! Ha!
Now that takes serious talent and skill! It kind of reminds of Ben Roethlisberger. He has the most wins as a QB in the Browns' home stadium since they were reintroduced in the league and he plays for the Steelers! Ha!	Oh yeah he was great. Big Ben! ESPN won an emmy for creating that yellow first down marker. Quite a cool creation!
Oh yeah he was great. Big Ben! ESPN won an emmy for creating that yellow first down marker. Quite a cool creation!	That is very cool and innovative! I also think those huge, 1,100 pound American flags at football games are cool as well although the cost to make them being $50k isn't.
That is very cool and innovative! I also think those huge, 1,100 pound American flags at football games are cool as well although the cost to make them being $50k isn't.	Holy cow that is expensive! I wonder how much it cost for the Iowa football team to pain their locker room pink?
Holy cow that is expensive! I wonder how much it cost for the Iowa football team to pain their locker room pink?	There is no telling, honestly! But on a similar note, Snoop Dog actually wrote a high school fight song for the football team his son plays for that I would like to hear!
There is no telling, honestly! But on a similar note, Snoop Dog actually wrote a high school fight song for the football team his son plays for that I would like to hear!	That is so cool. I wonder what Snoop Dogg would think of the highest score ever in a football game being 222-0? Well it was great talking with you.
That is so cool. I wonder what Snoop Dogg would think of the highest score ever in a football game being 222-0? Well it was great talking with you.	He probably wouldn't be too happy about it! I wonder if that game was played in one of the 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world that are US football teams? Ha! Well it was great chatting with you as well!
He probably wouldn't be too happy about it! I wonder if that game was played in one of the 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world that are US football teams? Ha! Well it was great chatting with you as well!	Good question not sure if they had that big of a stadium back in 1916. Have a good night!
Good question not sure if they had that big of a stadium back in 1916. Have a good night!	What do you think about the NFL week 5 tips?
What do you think about the NFL week 5 tips?	I don't follow the NFL usually until around the playoffs. Are you a fan?
I don't follow the NFL usually until around the playoffs. Are you a fan?	I am a fan, my favorite team is the Patriots and I will be rooting for them on Sunday.
I am a fan, my favorite team is the Patriots and I will be rooting for them on Sunday.	Do you know much about the Packers? I've heard that they were named after a company.
Do you know much about the Packers? I've heard that they were named after a company.	A bit, its not my favorite team but I do know some interesting facts, and I heard it was an indean company
A bit, its not my favorite team but I do know some interesting facts, and I heard it was an indean company	The team is named after a packing company, but it's owned by the community. A non-profit company that must make insane amounts of cash.
The team is named after a packing company, but it's owned by the community. A non-profit company that must make insane amounts of cash.	Well if its the whole community then that makes things easier but I agree, there must be a lot of cash involved and every game is sold out.
Well if its the whole community then that makes things easier but I agree, there must be a lot of cash involved and every game is sold out.	Sold old for decades! I wonder how they charge for tickets. Also, is there much else to do in Green Bay on a Sunday?
Sold old for decades! I wonder how they charge for tickets. Also, is there much else to do in Green Bay on a Sunday?	I havent been there but could be a boring place, the first team to beat them was the Beloit Fairies
I havent been there but could be a boring place, the first team to beat them was the Beloit Fairies	I wonder who chose that name. The Fairies?Did you know that the NFL has no rule against women in the league.
I wonder who chose that name. The Fairies?Did you know that the NFL has no rule against women in the league.	I don't think women can meet the qualifications for playing.
I don't think women can meet the qualifications for playing.	I wonder whether they could have women in positions like punter and kicker. The women have been cheerleaders. Men could be cheerleaders too!
I wonder whether they could have women in positions like punter and kicker. The women have been cheerleaders. Men could be cheerleaders too!	Yeah but cheerleaders dont get hit by others, but a punter or kicker might be a good position, you know ESPN won an Emmy for the ceation of the yellor first down line.
Yeah but cheerleaders dont get hit by others, but a punter or kicker might be a good position, you know ESPN won an Emmy for the ceation of the yellor first down line.	That yellow line is useful for viewers, who get only 11 minutes of action on average. How many minutes of commercials?
That yellow line is useful for viewers, who get only 11 minutes of action on average. How many minutes of commercials?	apparently 3 quarters of commercials and barely a quarter of actual gameplay, but it sure seems longer than that.
apparently 3 quarters of commercials and barely a quarter of actual gameplay, but it sure seems longer than that.	The game of football has come a long way. In the 1960s the best bowlers made much more than football stars. Nowadays, I wonder what the difference is.
The game of football has come a long way. In the 1960s the best bowlers made much more than football stars. Nowadays, I wonder what the difference is.	Wow, I guess football wasnt that popular back in the 60s, you know a running back from the patriots never fumbled a ball in his entire career.
Wow, I guess football wasnt that popular back in the 60s, you know a running back from the patriots never fumbled a ball in his entire career.	The guy must have had incredible hands or special gloves! I bet he was a good choice for fantasy football, too!
The guy must have had incredible hands or special gloves! I bet he was a good choice for fantasy football, too!	I bet he was, probably worth a few points, did you know the locker room for the visiting team at the University of Iowa is painted pink
I bet he was, probably worth a few points, did you know the locker room for the visiting team at the University of Iowa is painted pink	I guess they're hoping to psych out the opposition.
I guess they're hoping to psych out the opposition.	Think that could be effective.
Think that could be effective.	Hey did you ever watch the XFL back in the day? It was the one created by Vince McMahon I think
Hey did you ever watch the XFL back in the day? It was the one created by Vince McMahon I think	I never saw that one. I only watched the regular NFL
I never saw that one. I only watched the regular NFL	Yes it was created by the person who created the WWE, so it's kind of based on wrestling in a way, I guess it's coming back which is interesting because I think the NFL could use some competition
Yes it was created by the person who created the WWE, so it's kind of based on wrestling in a way, I guess it's coming back which is interesting because I think the NFL could use some competition	Yes I wonder what they will pay the players? Pro football players do well now but back in the 60's bowlers made more.
Yes I wonder what they will pay the players? Pro football players do well now but back in the 60's bowlers made more.	Yep you're right about that. I don't know how popular will be so I don't know how much money they'll make but it is interesting that the salaries of the sports have changed over time like you mentioned
Yep you're right about that. I don't know how popular will be so I don't know how much money they'll make but it is interesting that the salaries of the sports have changed over time like you mentioned	Yes some players really deserve the big money - like the Patriots Green-Ellis who has never fumbled the football his whole NFL career
Yes some players really deserve the big money - like the Patriots Green-Ellis who has never fumbled the football his whole NFL career	Yeah they should definitely pay him a lot of money, he's amazing! Have you ever watched a game on the television? The yellow line that marks the first down is actually something that was developed by ESPN and they won an Emmy for it
Yeah they should definitely pay him a lot of money, he's amazing! Have you ever watched a game on the television? The yellow line that marks the first down is actually something that was developed by ESPN and they won an Emmy for it	That is a very cool invention. I thought the Super Bowl was boring this year but it had to have been better than the Georgia Tech win 222-0.
That is a very cool invention. I thought the Super Bowl was boring this year but it had to have been better than the Georgia Tech win 222-0.	Yep that game would have been a blowout and very boring haha. Good on Georgia Tech though, Cumberland fans must have been very disappointed that day
Yep that game would have been a blowout and very boring haha. Good on Georgia Tech though, Cumberland fans must have been very disappointed that day	I cannot imagine were still there by halftime! Its funny despite the big salaries in the NFL an engineer usually makes a higher lifetime income
I cannot imagine were still there by halftime! Its funny despite the big salaries in the NFL an engineer usually makes a higher lifetime income	I wouldn't think that would happen youre right, what do you think about how NFL players treat the cheerleaders though?
I wouldn't think that would happen youre right, what do you think about how NFL players treat the cheerleaders though?	Its awful! New Orleans won't even let the cheerleaders in the same restaurant as a player. What would they do if a woman ever joined the league?
Its awful! New Orleans won't even let the cheerleaders in the same restaurant as a player. What would they do if a woman ever joined the league?	Yep that's a great point! Would the girl have to not meet with the other players in restaurants? Who knows, do you ever watch wrestling by the way?
Yep that's a great point! Would the girl have to not meet with the other players in restaurants? Who knows, do you ever watch wrestling by the way?	I am not a big fan, Apparently Abe Lincoln is a good wrestler though
I am not a big fan, Apparently Abe Lincoln is a good wrestler though	Yep he was really good at it, and so was the famous philosopher Plato
Yep he was really good at it, and so was the famous philosopher Plato	laugh that is funny. Watching it in turkey might be more interesting - they douse themselves in olive oil!
laugh that is funny. Watching it in turkey might be more interesting - they douse themselves in olive oil!	That sounds really slippery haha. What do you think about Macho Man's outfit design? Apparently the same designer made clothes for Aerosmith and also Jimi Hendrix
That sounds really slippery haha. What do you think about Macho Man's outfit design? Apparently the same designer made clothes for Aerosmith and also Jimi Hendrix	They have some bizarre clothing. I just would not want to arm wrestle Cyplenkov - that dude is strong!
They have some bizarre clothing. I just would not want to arm wrestle Cyplenkov - that dude is strong!	No definitely not! Apparently wrestling is very popular though, and they have Incorporated the moves into a lot of other hand to hand combat systems which is interesting
No definitely not! Apparently wrestling is very popular though, and they have Incorporated the moves into a lot of other hand to hand combat systems which is interesting	Yes I find sumo wrestling in Japan interesting - those guys do not seem to be the most fit
Yes I find sumo wrestling in Japan interesting - those guys do not seem to be the most fit	Yes I could see that being very interesting to watch. they should use the tracking chips from the NFL and put them on wrestlers to better understand how they do their moves
Yes I could see that being very interesting to watch. they should use the tracking chips from the NFL and put them on wrestlers to better understand how they do their moves	do you like wrestling?
do you like wrestling?	Not really but I hear a wrestler has the biggest muscled hands in the world
Not really but I hear a wrestler has the biggest muscled hands in the world	Wo. In Turkey, they lather themselves in oil and then they wrestle
Wo. In Turkey, they lather themselves in oil and then they wrestle	WOw sounds really slippery. Macho Man Randy savage used to be as football payers before he started wrestling
WOw sounds really slippery. Macho Man Randy savage used to be as football payers before he started wrestling	Nice. Even Abe Lincoln was a wrestle hall of famer
Nice. Even Abe Lincoln was a wrestle hall of famer	Lincoln the president was?
Lincoln the president was?	Yup he only lost one match out of 300
Yup he only lost one match out of 300	wow impressive. There used to be octopus wrestling matches as a sport
wow impressive. There used to be octopus wrestling matches as a sport	Wow that is pretty cruel n my opinion
Wow that is pretty cruel n my opinion	I know that was back in the 40s and 60s in the west coast
I know that was back in the 40s and 60s in the west coast	Wow. Plato was also a professional wrestler.
Wow. Plato was also a professional wrestler.	I cannot see him being anything else but a philosopher though
I cannot see him being anything else but a philosopher though	I know that was before he became interested in philosophy
I know that was before he became interested in philosophy	Cool. Same with Neil Degrasee Tyson, he was a champion at Harvard
Cool. Same with Neil Degrasee Tyson, he was a champion at Harvard	Wow. Do you like football?
Wow. Do you like football?	I do. DId you know SNoop Dog wrote a song for his son's high school team?
I do. DId you know SNoop Dog wrote a song for his son's high school team?	Cool. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
Cool. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink	Is that supposed to have some kind of effect on them?
Is that supposed to have some kind of effect on them?	No idea. DO you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?
No idea. DO you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?	I guess it was a much more popular sport back in the day
I guess it was a much more popular sport back in the day	Yes I guess that might explain it. Nice chatting with you.
Yes I guess that might explain it. Nice chatting with you.	So, you familiar at all with wrestling? I used to watch it regularly (that is, TV wrestling) years ago, but haven't seen it in awhile. Did you know Abraham Lincoln is in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost once out of 300 matches? I find that amazing!
So, you familiar at all with wrestling? I used to watch it regularly (that is, TV wrestling) years ago, but haven't seen it in awhile. Did you know Abraham Lincoln is in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost once out of 300 matches? I find that amazing!	It is surprising to say the least. I used to sell coca-cola at pro wrestling matches when I was 12. Of course it was fake. Wrestling can be entertainment or true competition.
It is surprising to say the least. I used to sell coca-cola at pro wrestling matches when I was 12. Of course it was fake. Wrestling can be entertainment or true competition.	I've got a friend who was a wrestler (not professional but still) and he always preferred the term "scripted". Tell him it was fake and he's liable to body slam ya and say, "Did that feel fake, to you?": LOL. My brother used to wrestle in high school, course he was the sports guy in our family so he did about every sport imaginable.
I've got a friend who was a wrestler (not professional but still) and he always preferred the term "scripted". Tell him it was fake and he's liable to body slam ya and say, "Did that feel fake, to you?": LOL. My brother used to wrestle in high school, course he was the sports guy in our family so he did about every sport imaginable.	I saw video of Hulk Hogan caused hearing damage to John Stossel by slapping his huge hands to Stossel's ear at the same time. They put on a show and wear costumes. Macho Man's wrestling gear was designed by a guy who designed clothes for Aerosmith.
I saw video of Hulk Hogan caused hearing damage to John Stossel by slapping his huge hands to Stossel's ear at the same time. They put on a show and wear costumes. Macho Man's wrestling gear was designed by a guy who designed clothes for Aerosmith.	Wow, I can see that.. you look at 80s rockers and 80s wrestlers and their costumes are so flamboyantly similar. Did you ever meet anyone famous while selling cola at events?
Wow, I can see that.. you look at 80s rockers and 80s wrestlers and their costumes are so flamboyantly similar. Did you ever meet anyone famous while selling cola at events?	There was a wrestler named Gorgeous George who was semi famous year's ago. Even Plato wrestled before he decided to start writing smart things.
There was a wrestler named Gorgeous George who was semi famous year's ago. Even Plato wrestled before he decided to start writing smart things.	Believe it or not, I know a bit about Gorgeous George, he's the guy who really defined being a heel: going around calling people "peasants" and trying to be the daintiest wrestler he could, having a valet spray perfume on the other wrestlers and the audience... hilarious stuff
Believe it or not, I know a bit about Gorgeous George, he's the guy who really defined being a heel: going around calling people "peasants" and trying to be the daintiest wrestler he could, having a valet spray perfume on the other wrestlers and the audience... hilarious stuff	Well, I met him one evening when he toured to wrestle in my home town (Oklahoma City). He is sort of like Ali and Dieon Sanders who made themselves more famous by far out behavior. Great marketing of self. Football did some marketing to go from paying less than top bowlers in 1960 to salaries today.
Well, I met him one evening when he toured to wrestle in my home town (Oklahoma City). He is sort of like Ali and Dieon Sanders who made themselves more famous by far out behavior. Great marketing of self. Football did some marketing to go from paying less than top bowlers in 1960 to salaries today.	Yeah, I've heard about that.. I've been told back then bowling was a way bigger deal than it was now, they even had celebrity bowling shows and stuff. Seems unfair that bowlers made more considering football is more dangerous, injury wise. Did you know, there's actually no rule in the NFL barring women from being football players? If they pass the requirements, that is...
Yeah, I've heard about that.. I've been told back then bowling was a way bigger deal than it was now, they even had celebrity bowling shows and stuff. Seems unfair that bowlers made more considering football is more dangerous, injury wise. Did you know, there's actually no rule in the NFL barring women from being football players? If they pass the requirements, that is...	I doubt that we will see any female in the game except maybe for a kicker. I love the yellow line marking the line to reach for a first down that ESPN developed.
I doubt that we will see any female in the game except maybe for a kicker. I love the yellow line marking the line to reach for a first down that ESPN developed.	Yeah, it's amazing how detailed they can get with the graphics on football games nowadays. I remember back when it was just one guy (usually Madden) and he had to "draw in" the white line pointing to everything. ("And you got the guy going here...") hehe. So, did you play any sports when you were younger?
Yeah, it's amazing how detailed they can get with the graphics on football games nowadays. I remember back when it was just one guy (usually Madden) and he had to "draw in" the white line pointing to everything. ("And you got the guy going here...") hehe. So, did you play any sports when you were younger?	I played football in high school. But I was a back-up at QB and only got on the field as a corner back on defense. I never saw anything as debilitating as the pink visitor's room at Iowa University.
I played football in high school. But I was a back-up at QB and only got on the field as a corner back on defense. I never saw anything as debilitating as the pink visitor's room at Iowa University.	Yeah, isn't that a trip? Pink has a psychological effect on people. They say they did a study where the turned a weight room pink and found the lifters suddenly couldn't lift as much as they normally could. Me, like I said, I was never much a sports player, but my brother got a football scholarship to college.
Yeah, isn't that a trip? Pink has a psychological effect on people. They say they did a study where the turned a weight room pink and found the lifters suddenly couldn't lift as much as they normally could. Me, like I said, I was never much a sports player, but my brother got a football scholarship to college.	That's great for you brother and for your parents. I have heard that about the effects of pink walls. When I was on our JV, we played the varsity of another school and lost 74-0 which does not compare to the highest score by Georgia Tech of 222-0
That's great for you brother and for your parents. I have heard that about the effects of pink walls. When I was on our JV, we played the varsity of another school and lost 74-0 which does not compare to the highest score by Georgia Tech of 222-0	Oh man, can't imagine what a blow to one's self-esteem losing 222 to zero would be! Especially crazy considering the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. I think after the first 100 points you'd be like, "Uh, can we just forfeit, please?" LOL
Oh man, can't imagine what a blow to one's self-esteem losing 222 to zero would be! Especially crazy considering the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay. I think after the first 100 points you'd be like, "Uh, can we just forfeit, please?" LOL	No doubt about it. I think in our blow-out they let the clock run continuously even after incomplete passes. Did you watch the 2 of the 32 NFL teams square of in the Super Bowl last Sunday?
No doubt about it. I think in our blow-out they let the clock run continuously even after incomplete passes. Did you watch the 2 of the 32 NFL teams square of in the Super Bowl last Sunday?	No, I missed it. Heard a lot people say it wasn't the most exciting of games though. Many were even ragging on Maroon 5 for playing the half-time show. Hey, get this, do you know they put chips in the players shoulder pads and the football to track movements? Neat, huh?
No, I missed it. Heard a lot people say it wasn't the most exciting of games though. Many were even ragging on Maroon 5 for playing the half-time show. Hey, get this, do you know they put chips in the players shoulder pads and the football to track movements? Neat, huh?	Technology continues to change our lives. That game is usually on the first Sunday of February and this year was no exception.
Technology continues to change our lives. That game is usually on the first Sunday of February and this year was no exception.	Some of the rules to play football are pretty strict. Did you know for instance if you're a cheerleader for the Saints, you're forbidden from EATING at the same restaurant as any NFL player, and if they happen to show up in the middle of their meal, they gotta leave? Guess they're serious about the no fraternizing rule...
Some of the rules to play football are pretty strict. Did you know for instance if you're a cheerleader for the Saints, you're forbidden from EATING at the same restaurant as any NFL player, and if they happen to show up in the middle of their meal, they gotta leave? Guess they're serious about the no fraternizing rule...	I read that those chips are also in the football so they can tract the dimensions of forward passes and other things.
I read that those chips are also in the football so they can tract the dimensions of forward passes and other things.	Yeah, it's probably helpful for keeping all the players stats up to date. Did you know patriots RB Benjarvus has never fumbling the football in his NFL career? That's pretty impressive considering how fast it can travel and all the other pressures.
Yeah, it's probably helpful for keeping all the players stats up to date. Did you know patriots RB Benjarvus has never fumbling the football in his NFL career? That's pretty impressive considering how fast it can travel and all the other pressures.	Sure is. By the way, I know track from tract. Just a type. Nice talking with you!
Sure is. By the way, I know track from tract. Just a type. Nice talking with you!	Do you like wrestling?
Do you like wrestling?	I'm not a huge fan of it, but part of it is due to that I don't understand all the logistics. What about you?
I'm not a huge fan of it, but part of it is due to that I don't understand all the logistics. What about you?	I used to watch it back before it exploded in poplularity in the 90s. Did you know that Plato lead a professional wrestling career before becoming a famous pholospher?
I used to watch it back before it exploded in poplularity in the 90s. Did you know that Plato lead a professional wrestling career before becoming a famous pholospher?	Maybe something about wrestling made him philosophical. Abe Lincoln was also well-known for wrestling
Maybe something about wrestling made him philosophical. Abe Lincoln was also well-known for wrestling	I never knew that about Abe. I'm going to have to look that up.
I never knew that about Abe. I'm going to have to look that up.	He's actually in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost 1 in 300 matches
He's actually in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost 1 in 300 matches	I never ever heard that about him. He was pretty tall though so he probably had some good leverage. The Turkish national sport is oil wrestling where men douse themselves in olive oil and wrestle. That's kind of different...and odd at the same time. lol
I never ever heard that about him. He was pretty tall though so he probably had some good leverage. The Turkish national sport is oil wrestling where men douse themselves in olive oil and wrestle. That's kind of different...and odd at the same time. lol	That also sounds dangerous, which might be why it's not super popular
That also sounds dangerous, which might be why it's not super popular	Yes. The man who designed Macho Man's wrestling gear was also the same guy who designed clothes for a lot rock stars like Jimi Hendrix and Aerosmith.
Yes. The man who designed Macho Man's wrestling gear was also the same guy who designed clothes for a lot rock stars like Jimi Hendrix and Aerosmith.	He must have known what material to use. Do you know who Denis Cyplenkov is?
He must have known what material to use. Do you know who Denis Cyplenkov is?	I've never heard of him. Who is he?
I've never heard of him. Who is he?	He's a bodybuilder and arm wrestling champion, which is aided by the fact that his hands are the largest and most densely muscled in the world
He's a bodybuilder and arm wrestling champion, which is aided by the fact that his hands are the largest and most densely muscled in the world	Nice. Did you know that the university of Iowa's vistors locker room was painted pink?
Nice. Did you know that the university of Iowa's vistors locker room was painted pink?	That's either got to be a result of psychology or that's the color that was on sale
That's either got to be a result of psychology or that's the color that was on sale	LOL Former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his NFL career. Impressive indeed.
LOL Former Patriots running back Benjarvus Green Ellis never fumbled the ball once during his NFL career. Impressive indeed.	That's an impressive feat for just a season, let alone a whole career!
That's an impressive feat for just a season, let alone a whole career!	I agree! In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day.
I agree! In the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day.	That was before ESPN came up with the nifty yellow first down line though. That's worth an Emmy, if you ask me
That was before ESPN came up with the nifty yellow first down line though. That's worth an Emmy, if you ask me	I agree! It comes in handy when we're watching the actual 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.
I agree! It comes in handy when we're watching the actual 11 minutes of live gameplay per game.	The embedded chips in the footballs and shoulder pads also help with that
The embedded chips in the footballs and shoulder pads also help with that	Yes. We'll be seeing some kind of graphic following around the chips. lol It's been fun chatting.
Yes. We'll be seeing some kind of graphic following around the chips. lol It's been fun chatting.	Are you a football fan?
Are you a football fan?	I watch football every now and then, but I think the XFL is just a bad idea, regular football players are injured enough without adding "extreme" stuff to it.
I watch football every now and then, but I think the XFL is just a bad idea, regular football players are injured enough without adding "extreme" stuff to it.	yeah, I think the XFL is a bad idea as well. Football is pretty extreme in my opinon.
yeah, I think the XFL is a bad idea as well. Football is pretty extreme in my opinon.	Well since the found was Vince McMahon, it really is not a surprise he would try to start something like XFl. guess he wanted to try his hand at other sports.
Well since the found was Vince McMahon, it really is not a surprise he would try to start something like XFl. guess he wanted to try his hand at other sports.	Vince McMahon is hilarious though. Does he still do the WWE, or is it no good anymore?
Vince McMahon is hilarious though. Does he still do the WWE, or is it no good anymore?	Yeah he is still doing WWE and when he retires, which he should have done already since he is 73, his son in law will take over, and I do not think it will be any better under him.
Yeah he is still doing WWE and when he retires, which he should have done already since he is 73, his son in law will take over, and I do not think it will be any better under him.	He's 73? Wholly molly, I'm not a huge fan of Shane though, is his son in law still Triple H?
He's 73? Wholly molly, I'm not a huge fan of Shane though, is his son in law still Triple H?	Yeah Still HHH, Shane is alright, he runs the Smackdown brand while his sister runs the RAW brand, and Smackdown is actually much better than RAW, at least for now.
Yeah Still HHH, Shane is alright, he runs the Smackdown brand while his sister runs the RAW brand, and Smackdown is actually much better than RAW, at least for now.	Interesting, you know a long time ago I met Hogan, Chris Benoit, Miss Elizabeth, Macho Man, Mr. Perfect at a bar in baltimore, The Marriot hotel bar. I have pictures with all of them, the only one that isn't dead is Hogan.
Interesting, you know a long time ago I met Hogan, Chris Benoit, Miss Elizabeth, Macho Man, Mr. Perfect at a bar in baltimore, The Marriot hotel bar. I have pictures with all of them, the only one that isn't dead is Hogan.	Yeah what happened to Chris Benoit was crazy, he was one of my favorite wrestlers when i was younger, until he decided to go crazy.
Yeah what happened to Chris Benoit was crazy, he was one of my favorite wrestlers when i was younger, until he decided to go crazy.	Yeah, I feel bad for him. Nash and Hall were there too. I can't remember if this was a WWC or WWF event.
Yeah, I feel bad for him. Nash and Hall were there too. I can't remember if this was a WWC or WWF event.	More than likely it was WCW, they were pretty big at that time.
More than likely it was WCW, they were pretty big at that time.	Yeah, it was pretty cool. I'm fairly certain it was WCW because Hogan was behind the bar acting like he had all of these important phone calls.
Yeah, it was pretty cool. I'm fairly certain it was WCW because Hogan was behind the bar acting like he had all of these important phone calls.	I still try to keep up with WWE but it has really fallen off lately, the attitude era was the amazing back in the day but now they have the pg era and it is just really bad sometimes.
I still try to keep up with WWE but it has really fallen off lately, the attitude era was the amazing back in the day but now they have the pg era and it is just really bad sometimes.	I don't have time for it anymore. What ever happened to Eric Bischoff?
I don't have time for it anymore. What ever happened to Eric Bischoff?	He managed RAW for a short time, but he is not really around any more, I think he still works fopr WWE but he is a higher up now
He managed RAW for a short time, but he is not really around any more, I think he still works fopr WWE but he is a higher up now	Interesting. I thought he was funny. My favorite was Razor Ramon (Scott hall), but he is really messed up now.
Interesting. I thought he was funny. My favorite was Razor Ramon (Scott hall), but he is really messed up now.	Yeah Scott hall was pretty bad, but recently Diamond Dallas Page has gotten him started on his training and helped him get straightened out a lot.
Yeah Scott hall was pretty bad, but recently Diamond Dallas Page has gotten him started on his training and helped him get straightened out a lot.	I saw that special on that. Pretty cool stuff. I think he needed some type of transplant too.
I saw that special on that. Pretty cool stuff. I think he needed some type of transplant too.	Yeah he did, but WWE has gone away from actual wrestling and stunts and more toward entertainment, The WWE does not even call them wrestlers anymore, they are called Superstars or entertainers, part of the reason the pg era is so bad.
Yeah he did, but WWE has gone away from actual wrestling and stunts and more toward entertainment, The WWE does not even call them wrestlers anymore, they are called Superstars or entertainers, part of the reason the pg era is so bad.	Interesting, I didn't even know about this. It sounds awful now. Well nice chatting with you.
Interesting, I didn't even know about this. It sounds awful now. Well nice chatting with you.	Do you like the NFL?
Do you like the NFL?	Yes I like the NFL, what do you think about the Redskins mascot though? You think it's racist?
Yes I like the NFL, what do you think about the Redskins mascot though? You think it's racist?	I think it could be worst, idk, what do you think?
I think it could be worst, idk, what do you think?	Yeah it's tough because I can see why it's racist but on the other hand I can see why it's been that way for a long time and maybe it's not, I just don't know LOL
Yeah it's tough because I can see why it's racist but on the other hand I can see why it's been that way for a long time and maybe it's not, I just don't know LOL	for sure, you have a valid point.. Do you have a favorite team of the 32 nfl teams?
for sure, you have a valid point.. Do you have a favorite team of the 32 nfl teams?	Well I really like the Patriots myself, what about you? I think Tom Brady is awesome
Well I really like the Patriots myself, what about you? I think Tom Brady is awesome	He is very good. What do you think about the saints?
He is very good. What do you think about the saints?	Well I don't like the fact that they treat their cheerleaders poorly, but I'm sure they use tracking chips for players on the field, I wonder if they use those same chips to track the locations of their cheerleaders
Well I don't like the fact that they treat their cheerleaders poorly, but I'm sure they use tracking chips for players on the field, I wonder if they use those same chips to track the locations of their cheerleaders	Right, it is sexist. I am sure they do lol. Engineers who made those chips make more than most players do over their life
Right, it is sexist. I am sure they do lol. Engineers who made those chips make more than most players do over their life	LOL you're right about that. I just don't know why you would need to know the balls rotational speed, it seems like just knowing the players locations and speed would be enough
LOL you're right about that. I just don't know why you would need to know the balls rotational speed, it seems like just knowing the players locations and speed would be enough	For sure, but they need to be all high tech now. Do you watch college football at all?
For sure, but they need to be all high tech now. Do you watch college football at all?	Time to time. I also watch some high school because my friend's son plays, it would be cool if Snoop Dogg made my friend's son a theme song for his football team
Time to time. I also watch some high school because my friend's son plays, it would be cool if Snoop Dogg made my friend's son a theme song for his football team	lol I would like that. I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint the visiting locker room pink
lol I would like that. I am an Iowa Hawkeye fan, they paint the visiting locker room pink	I heard about that that's pretty funny LOL, what do you think about the high school football team that is building a 60 million dollar football stadium
I heard about that that's pretty funny LOL, what do you think about the high school football team that is building a 60 million dollar football stadium	that is ridiculous. a waste of tax payer money!
that is ridiculous. a waste of tax payer money!	Yep I agree with you! And it only has eighteen thousand people, how is that possible
Yep I agree with you! And it only has eighteen thousand people, how is that possible	right, you would think like 100000, oh well
right, you would think like 100000, oh well	They're definitely not making a smart decision! did you know that those huge American flags at football stadiums actually weigh like a thousand pounds
They're definitely not making a smart decision! did you know that those huge American flags at football stadiums actually weigh like a thousand pounds	That is so much! How do you think they get them up there?
That is so much! How do you think they get them up there?	Yeah I've no idea! And I also don't know why someone would pay $50,000 for one of those flags that's just too much
Yeah I've no idea! And I also don't know why someone would pay $50,000 for one of those flags that's just too much	man I will make them one for 25000! Good chatting with you!
man I will make them one for 25000! Good chatting with you!	Hi there. I guess I will learn a bit about wrestling
Hi there. I guess I will learn a bit about wrestling	So with the XFL, do you know much about that, it's new to me.
So with the XFL, do you know much about that, it's new to me.	Not familiar with wrestling at all. Although I have read 1 thing I always thought. The sport can either be "theatrical" or competitive.
Not familiar with wrestling at all. Although I have read 1 thing I always thought. The sport can either be "theatrical" or competitive.	The theatrical side comes to my mind when I think wrestling. That probably drives people that properly wrestle mad, that they are not taken seriously.
The theatrical side comes to my mind when I think wrestling. That probably drives people that properly wrestle mad, that they are not taken seriously.	I like the turkish. They wrestle in olive oil!!
I like the turkish. They wrestle in olive oil!!	Seems like a waste of olive oil, they should use cheaper stuff, like the budget brand from the supermarket.
Seems like a waste of olive oil, they should use cheaper stuff, like the budget brand from the supermarket.	LOL The good 'ole wesson oil!! Wonder if honest abe wrestled in oil.
LOL The good 'ole wesson oil!! Wonder if honest abe wrestled in oil.	Isn't oil good for a beard? So is XFL a mixture of NFL and wrestling, or is just a lower form of football?
Isn't oil good for a beard? So is XFL a mixture of NFL and wrestling, or is just a lower form of football?	Don't know. It is a football I believe.
Don't know. It is a football I believe.	To be honest I'm not interested in football, so I can't imagine getting excited about another league. There must be some gimmick to get people involved?
To be honest I'm not interested in football, so I can't imagine getting excited about another league. There must be some gimmick to get people involved?	Not much of a football fan here either. Wasn't aware that there are no rules against females in the football league.
Not much of a football fan here either. Wasn't aware that there are no rules against females in the football league.	Maybe that will be the gimmick? I'm glad my kids have no interest in football, I want my son to be active but not the expense of his brain.
Maybe that will be the gimmick? I'm glad my kids have no interest in football, I want my son to be active but not the expense of his brain.	It's a tough sport for sure. Guess there are risks in all sports though. Except maybe swimming. As long as you're not with piranhas.
It's a tough sport for sure. Guess there are risks in all sports though. Except maybe swimming. As long as you're not with piranhas.	Maybe bowling too, were we in the sixties it sounds like there was money in it, not sure about now.
Maybe bowling too, were we in the sixties it sounds like there was money in it, not sure about now.	That 's a surprising trivia fact for me. Don't even see any bowling alleys anymore. Was enjoyable too.
That 's a surprising trivia fact for me. Don't even see any bowling alleys anymore. Was enjoyable too.	A mix of wrestling and bowling would be an interesting concept, I could see if Vince McMahon is interested.
A mix of wrestling and bowling would be an interesting concept, I could see if Vince McMahon is interested.	LOL Played in the Audi Field with car racing!!
LOL Played in the Audi Field with car racing!!	Yeah, lets get as much involved as possible, it's like fusion cooking but for sports. Unlike the NFL we could a written rule saying women have to play.
Yeah, lets get as much involved as possible, it's like fusion cooking but for sports. Unlike the NFL we could a written rule saying women have to play.	The year of woman..Why not? Nice chatting with you!!
The year of woman..Why not? Nice chatting with you!!	You too, I'm going to grab the olive oil, not saying what for cooking or wrestling. Have a good day. Bye.
You too, I'm going to grab the olive oil, not saying what for cooking or wrestling. Have a good day. Bye.	U2 thank you
U2 thank you	Have you heard of xfl?
Have you heard of xfl?	I have. I watched it in 2001
I have. I watched it in 2001	They are relaunching in 2020 and will have 8 cities that will host franchises.
They are relaunching in 2020 and will have 8 cities that will host franchises.	I heard. I hope it goes better this time
I heard. I hope it goes better this time	Hopefully so, it is supposed to be different than the 2001 run. They are going to be looking for players released from the NFL, so maybe there will be better playing.
Hopefully so, it is supposed to be different than the 2001 run. They are going to be looking for players released from the NFL, so maybe there will be better playing.	Yeah. It was interesting I guess with He Hate Me and all that, but the actual football was terrible
Yeah. It was interesting I guess with He Hate Me and all that, but the actual football was terrible	I think it will be hard to compare to the NFL. Most people want to watch really good players playing good football.
I think it will be hard to compare to the NFL. Most people want to watch really good players playing good football.	That's true. They'll definitely need to keep some of the entertainment stuff involved to keep people engaged
That's true. They'll definitely need to keep some of the entertainment stuff involved to keep people engaged	They are trying to get away from the WWE and I think this could come back to hurt them. They need something else to attract viewers, especially since the NFL is around.
They are trying to get away from the WWE and I think this could come back to hurt them. They need something else to attract viewers, especially since the NFL is around.	I dunno. I kind of agree with getting away from the WWE, but only if they can replace that with something entertaining. It's a fine line
I dunno. I kind of agree with getting away from the WWE, but only if they can replace that with something entertaining. It's a fine line	Right, they will definitely need that entertainment factor.
Right, they will definitely need that entertainment factor.	Yeah. The list of cities is interesting. Nothing in the midwest
Yeah. The list of cities is interesting. Nothing in the midwest	I think they are signing with United to use some of the stadiums. I guess they are looking for cities that will have a larger fan base.
I think they are signing with United to use some of the stadiums. I guess they are looking for cities that will have a larger fan base.	What do you mean by United?
What do you mean by United?	The United league, Soccer.
The United league, Soccer.	Oh, I'm not familiar with that. Is that what MLS is known as?
Oh, I'm not familiar with that. Is that what MLS is known as?	The United has a lot of good teams! Atlanta United is one of them!
The United has a lot of good teams! Atlanta United is one of them!	Oh cool. The only United I know is Manchester :)
Oh cool. The only United I know is Manchester :)	Hopefully they will be able to work out the scheduling issues for when soccer, football, and xfl overlap.
Hopefully they will be able to work out the scheduling issues for when soccer, football, and xfl overlap.	Yeah. They could offset the NFL and XFL seasons as a start. Help with scheduling and attendance
Yeah. They could offset the NFL and XFL seasons as a start. Help with scheduling and attendance	That is a good idea. That can help with the wear and tear on the field as well.
That is a good idea. That can help with the wear and tear on the field as well.	Yeah, not a bad idea overall
Yeah, not a bad idea overall	There is enough funding for them for 5 years, so hopefully they can become figure something out and make it become successful.
There is enough funding for them for 5 years, so hopefully they can become figure something out and make it become successful.	Yeah I wouldn't mind an alternative to the NFL. Hopefully it works out
Yeah I wouldn't mind an alternative to the NFL. Hopefully it works out	I hope so, too! We will see!
I hope so, too! We will see!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I am well thank you. Do you enjoy the NFL by any chance?
I am well thank you. Do you enjoy the NFL by any chance?	I do like the NFL. I also know that Derwin James is going to wing the rookie defensive player of the year so it is pretty much an easy choice at this point.
I do like the NFL. I also know that Derwin James is going to wing the rookie defensive player of the year so it is pretty much an easy choice at this point.	Congratulations to him. He deserves it. I can't there are 32 teams and we end up with the Patriots in the Superbowl again. That's upsetting.
Congratulations to him. He deserves it. I can't there are 32 teams and we end up with the Patriots in the Superbowl again. That's upsetting.	You're not a Pats fan? Do you like the NFL?
You're not a Pats fan? Do you like the NFL?	No. I don't like the cheating scandals and even more than that I'm just sick of seeing them in the Superbowl. It's boring at this point. I do like the NFL. Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game on average?
No. I don't like the cheating scandals and even more than that I'm just sick of seeing them in the Superbowl. It's boring at this point. I do like the NFL. Did you know that there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay in a game on average?	Wow, that's not a lot. Who is your favorite team?
Wow, that's not a lot. Who is your favorite team?	I am a Bears fan. They actually had a good season this year until that playoff game messed it all up. How about you?
I am a Bears fan. They actually had a good season this year until that playoff game messed it all up. How about you?	Me too! It was a nice year! I was shocked they did that well. Since our draft pick went to OAK, I wanted them to do well since our draft position would be unaffected.
Me too! It was a nice year! I was shocked they did that well. Since our draft pick went to OAK, I wanted them to do well since our draft position would be unaffected.	Yes they did very well. Mack was a great addition. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules prohibiting female players?
Yes they did very well. Mack was a great addition. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules prohibiting female players?	Seems like they are trying not to be sexists but the objectification of their cheerleaders seem counter to that goal.
Seems like they are trying not to be sexists but the objectification of their cheerleaders seem counter to that goal.	Yes it does. I know that Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players and if they are there first an a player enters they have to leave. That's very upsetting.
Yes it does. I know that Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as players and if they are there first an a player enters they have to leave. That's very upsetting.	Yeah. I wonder how much an older white guy being owner affects that? Tom Benson has a conservative viewpoint.
Yeah. I wonder how much an older white guy being owner affects that? Tom Benson has a conservative viewpoint.	I'm not sure but it's crazy to me. Who cares if they eat at the same place? I did not know that they use tracking chips in players shoulder pads and footballs. I wonder why they use replays to make calls then?
I'm not sure but it's crazy to me. Who cares if they eat at the same place? I did not know that they use tracking chips in players shoulder pads and footballs. I wonder why they use replays to make calls then?	I know. I was watching the Australian open and was amazed at the timeliness and speed of their challenges. Seems like the NFL has a ways to go!
I know. I was watching the Australian open and was amazed at the timeliness and speed of their challenges. Seems like the NFL has a ways to go!	That seems to be the case. Were you aware that ESPN created the yellow line that we see onscreen showing the marker for first down?
That seems to be the case. Were you aware that ESPN created the yellow line that we see onscreen showing the marker for first down?	I think I knew that. I thin they won an emmy for it...
I think I knew that. I thin they won an emmy for it...	Yes they did. I can't imagine watching a game without it. Since we discussed the Patriots earlier, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football his entire career. I don't know how that is possible.
Yes they did. I can't imagine watching a game without it. Since we discussed the Patriots earlier, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled a football his entire career. I don't know how that is possible.	I don't know why he is not employed then! I love the yellow line. I remember telling my wife that they had guys move it on everyfirst down, hoping the players didn't trip over it...
I don't know why he is not employed then! I love the yellow line. I remember telling my wife that they had guys move it on everyfirst down, hoping the players didn't trip over it...	Ha ha, that's funny. I can't believe that in the 60's bowlers made more than NFL players! I didn't know it was ever that popular.
Ha ha, that's funny. I can't believe that in the 60's bowlers made more than NFL players! I didn't know it was ever that popular.	Right? Nice chatting with you!
Right? Nice chatting with you!	So do you watch much football? I enjoy watching NFL from time to time. They have 32 teams.
So do you watch much football? I enjoy watching NFL from time to time. They have 32 teams.	I do like the NFL. My favorite team is one of the AFC teams, the Baltimore Ravens.
I do like the NFL. My favorite team is one of the AFC teams, the Baltimore Ravens.	They have a 17 week season that runs from early September to later in December. I wonder if they are pretty tired by the end of the season.
They have a 17 week season that runs from early September to later in December. I wonder if they are pretty tired by the end of the season.	I would think. Maybe those fancy sensors and tracking chips they have embedded in their shoulder pads could give some insight.
I would think. Maybe those fancy sensors and tracking chips they have embedded in their shoulder pads could give some insight.	Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live play.
Did you know that an average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live play.	I didn't know that. It certainly seems much longer. The NFL is coming up on a 100 year anniversary in not too long. They started in 1932.
I didn't know that. It certainly seems much longer. The NFL is coming up on a 100 year anniversary in not too long. They started in 1932.	wow I didn't know it had been that long. The biggest game is at the end of the season called the Super Bowl.
wow I didn't know it had been that long. The biggest game is at the end of the season called the Super Bowl.	Right! And it's normally played on the first Sunday in February.
Right! And it's normally played on the first Sunday in February.	It's played by one of the two leagues in the NFC and AFC
It's played by one of the two leagues in the NFC and AFC	The Super Bowl is pretty amazing. It's such a spectacle. Hard to believe the first NFL playoff game was played on a dirt field.
The Super Bowl is pretty amazing. It's such a spectacle. Hard to believe the first NFL playoff game was played on a dirt field.	I read that that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player
I read that that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player and an average MLB player	Doesn't surprise me. Many NFL careers are quite short. The league does generate a ton of money though. Even college football is about the cash. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to College football teams.
Doesn't surprise me. Many NFL careers are quite short. The league does generate a ton of money though. Even college football is about the cash. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums belong to College football teams.	Wow thats crazy! I read something strange about the New Orleans Saints. Apparently the cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as the football players
Wow thats crazy! I read something strange about the New Orleans Saints. Apparently the cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as the football players	That hardly seems fair. I guess it is what it is though. I find it interesting that those huge American Flags can weigh up to 1100 pounds.
That hardly seems fair. I guess it is what it is though. I find it interesting that those huge American Flags can weigh up to 1100 pounds.	No way! That's a lot! It even says that if they are already eating there and a football player walks in, they are required to leave. Seems strange.
No way! That's a lot! It even says that if they are already eating there and a football player walks in, they are required to leave. Seems strange.	For sure. I like football, but also chess too. Do you play? I think it would be interesting to see the 3 player chess game.
For sure. I like football, but also chess too. Do you play? I think it would be interesting to see the 3 player chess game.	I actually have never played. I did see though that there are more possible moves in a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe. Do you think thats true?
I actually have never played. I did see though that there are more possible moves in a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe. Do you think thats true?	I find that hard to believe. I've been playing since I was a kid, but don't play too often anymore. I never knew that each pawn used to have it's own name.
I find that hard to believe. I've been playing since I was a kid, but don't play too often anymore. I never knew that each pawn used to have it's own name.	I read that the president of the world chess federation believes that chess was invented by aliens. LOL
I read that the president of the world chess federation believes that chess was invented by aliens. LOL	That's just crazy. Some magicians are quite good at chess.
That's just crazy. Some magicians are quite good at chess.	I saw that the chess grandmaster Judit Polgar beat a family friend at age 5 without looking at the board. Crazy!
I saw that the chess grandmaster Judit Polgar beat a family friend at age 5 without looking at the board. Crazy!	That is crazy. Well, it's been nice chatting with you.
That is crazy. Well, it's been nice chatting with you.	yes good chatting with you as well
yes good chatting with you as well	Hello, have you heard of the Redskins before?
Hello, have you heard of the Redskins before?	hi how are you? the redskins? a football team?
hi how are you? the redskins? a football team?	Yeah the same one, they have the 13th pick it seems
Yeah the same one, they have the 13th pick it seems	does that position them well for the following season? 13th doesnt seem bad or good.
does that position them well for the following season? 13th doesnt seem bad or good.	I think its good, it can be worse, I hear ther are in the lookout of a great QB being in position 13th might ruin their chances
I think its good, it can be worse, I hear ther are in the lookout of a great QB being in position 13th might ruin their chances	i guess they can trade up if they need to. who was/is the current qb? alex something?
i guess they can trade up if they need to. who was/is the current qb? alex something?	Not sure about that, they do draft Jonathan Allen last season his a great player but they still need others
Not sure about that, they do draft Jonathan Allen last season his a great player but they still need others	who i j allen? is he the next greatest qb?
who i j allen? is he the next greatest qb?	Not sure his positiion he is #17 of the team though, theres also Sean Tyler another promosing talen
Not sure his positiion he is #17 of the team though, theres also Sean Tyler another promosing talen	i dont follow football much. what do you think of women in the nfl?
i dont follow football much. what do you think of women in the nfl?	I think they would be at a dissadvantage theres no rule against them paying but it would be kind of unfair and dangerous for them
I think they would be at a dissadvantage theres no rule against them paying but it would be kind of unfair and dangerous for them	yeah, i agree. not much point really. what does it prove? maybe as a kicker, but still, what does that prove?
yeah, i agree. not much point really. what does it prove? maybe as a kicker, but still, what does that prove?	Maybe as a kicker yeah, they should have their own devision, now thats something I would watch
Maybe as a kicker yeah, they should have their own devision, now thats something I would watch	i think that it would be good to start the game at the high school level, build interest and a number of players. then see how things go.
i think that it would be good to start the game at the high school level, build interest and a number of players. then see how things go.	Maybe some day, so do you like to play chess?
Maybe some day, so do you like to play chess?	i used to play a bit. i was an interesting game. now i dont. You?
i used to play a bit. i was an interesting game. now i dont. You?	I like it, a board with 64 squares and a 8x8 grid, there are a lot of moves and strategies so cool game
I like it, a board with 64 squares and a 8x8 grid, there are a lot of moves and strategies so cool game	yeah, it is a simple game with complex strategy. that is the best part. easy to learn rules, but no limit to the possibilities.
yeah, it is a simple game with complex strategy. that is the best part. easy to learn rules, but no limit to the possibilities.	There are more games in the game that atoms in the known universe how crazy is that
There are more games in the game that atoms in the known universe how crazy is that	that sounds about right. i cant imagine any two games going the same way. anyway, great chat!
that sounds about right. i cant imagine any two games going the same way. anyway, great chat!	I think im going to play chess now, its been great chatting with you as well, have a nice morning.
I think im going to play chess now, its been great chatting with you as well, have a nice morning.	hi how are you? what do you think of the game of chess?
hi how are you? what do you think of the game of chess?	I think it is a really complex game. There are more moves in chess than atoms in the universe
I think it is a really complex game. There are more moves in chess than atoms in the universe	it is complex. I played a bit when I was young. I don't play now. I think it takes tremendous concentration.
it is complex. I played a bit when I was young. I don't play now. I think it takes tremendous concentration.	There's a grandmaster who was able to win a game without looking at the board at age 5
There's a grandmaster who was able to win a game without looking at the board at age 5	Man, some people just have a gift for the game. it really requires a certain mindset. some people think math is related to chess ability, but I don't think so.
Man, some people just have a gift for the game. it really requires a certain mindset. some people think math is related to chess ability, but I don't think so.	A 2007 study discovered a negative correlation between iq and chess skill
A 2007 study discovered a negative correlation between iq and chess skill	That would make sense. i think that IQ tests do not capture the intelligence of chess.
That would make sense. i think that IQ tests do not capture the intelligence of chess.	What do you think of chess being invented by aliens?
What do you think of chess being invented by aliens?	That is a silly idea. the board is simple. the pieces are simple. the complexity comes from the possibilities, not from aliens. Why would the aliens give us chess?
That is a silly idea. the board is simple. the pieces are simple. the complexity comes from the possibilities, not from aliens. Why would the aliens give us chess?	Maybe the Chess grandmaster knows something we do not
Maybe the Chess grandmaster knows something we do not	Yes, maybe he does, or maybe he is an alien trying to use reverse psychology to throw us off the scent! LOL
Yes, maybe he does, or maybe he is an alien trying to use reverse psychology to throw us off the scent! LOL	Are you into football?
Are you into football?	I sometimes watch football. more than chess! LOL
I sometimes watch football. more than chess! LOL	I'm sure a lot of people do! Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow first down line
I'm sure a lot of people do! Did you know ESPN won an Emmy for the yellow first down line	Yeah, i heard that. i guess they must have been the first to superimpose graphics on the field.
Yeah, i heard that. i guess they must have been the first to superimpose graphics on the field.	Yeah they completely recreate the playing surface. Its pretty cool
Yeah they completely recreate the playing surface. Its pretty cool	Yes, i see a lot of graphics on the field now. quite useful for the viewers.
Yes, i see a lot of graphics on the field now. quite useful for the viewers.	Football has come a long way. Financially as well. Professional bowlers use to make twice as much as players
Football has come a long way. Financially as well. Professional bowlers use to make twice as much as players	I think the football players made very little, so I don't know how much the bowlers made. Anyway, great chat!
I think the football players made very little, so I don't know how much the bowlers made. Anyway, great chat!	I wonder if a pink locker room actually has an effect on players
I wonder if a pink locker room actually has an effect on players	I doubt it. well, maybe a small one. Anyway, great chat!
I doubt it. well, maybe a small one. Anyway, great chat!	you as well have a great day!
you as well have a great day!	Are you a Patriots fan or a fan of Trump?
Are you a Patriots fan or a fan of Trump?	I'm more of a Patriots fan than a fan of Donald Trump.
I'm more of a Patriots fan than a fan of Donald Trump.	Trump holds Kraft, Belichick and Brady in high regard; he has called them winners in the past
Trump holds Kraft, Belichick and Brady in high regard; he has called them winners in the past	Yes, Trump like's to associate himself with anything in the popular culture that is a winner. But the Pats seem "self made" unlike the Donald.
Yes, Trump like's to associate himself with anything in the popular culture that is a winner. But the Pats seem "self made" unlike the Donald.	The Patriots also know how to conduct themselves as winners and come back from behind.
The Patriots also know how to conduct themselves as winners and come back from behind.	Yes, I see the parallel between the Falcons - Patriots Superbowl and Trump's victory in 2016. I think that comparison is apt.
Yes, I see the parallel between the Falcons - Patriots Superbowl and Trump's victory in 2016. I think that comparison is apt.	ESPN does not favor the Patriots nearly as much as Fox favors Trump
ESPN does not favor the Patriots nearly as much as Fox favors Trump	Hmmm. Yes. I never knew that ESPN was against the Patriots, but they did really pump up Deflategate. Funny that ESPN is seen as a rival of the Pats when they are based in Connecticut.
Hmmm. Yes. I never knew that ESPN was against the Patriots, but they did really pump up Deflategate. Funny that ESPN is seen as a rival of the Pats when they are based in Connecticut.	I think Deflategate was just a big distraction to other issues around the country
I think Deflategate was just a big distraction to other issues around the country	Sports new can be a big distraction. Did you know that the Patriots were the NFL's whitest team?
Sports new can be a big distraction. Did you know that the Patriots were the NFL's whitest team?	Doesn't surprise me given where they are located
Doesn't surprise me given where they are located	I would assume that them being white is just coincidence than someone contrived.
I would assume that them being white is just coincidence than someone contrived.	I have been a big fan of the Patriots since Brady starting playing
I have been a big fan of the Patriots since Brady starting playing	I'm amazed by Brady. He's a pretty amazing story. I don't really get the Patriots "hate" (if there is such a thing) across the country.
I'm amazed by Brady. He's a pretty amazing story. I don't really get the Patriots "hate" (if there is such a thing) across the country.	I think it goes to the fact the the Patriots under Bellichick have won over 20 post season games and are always on top season after season
I think it goes to the fact the the Patriots under Bellichick have won over 20 post season games and are always on top season after season	Yes. I have joined the bandwagon as a fan. I have to admit that I wanted the Rams to win the Patriots first Superbowl, though.
Yes. I have joined the bandwagon as a fan. I have to admit that I wanted the Rams to win the Patriots first Superbowl, though.	I was so mad when they were down to the Falcons a couple years back at halftime by 25 points. I never thought they would come back
I was so mad when they were down to the Falcons a couple years back at halftime by 25 points. I never thought they would come back	Probably the most amazing comeback in Superbowl history. In fact, I don't know if there's been a comeback in NFL history that has been so epic.
Probably the most amazing comeback in Superbowl history. In fact, I don't know if there's been a comeback in NFL history that has been so epic.	Atlanta will never forget for sure...lol
Atlanta will never forget for sure...lol	Where do you stand - was it more of an Atlanta "meltdown" or a New England come back?
Where do you stand - was it more of an Atlanta "meltdown" or a New England come back?	Comeback for sure!
Comeback for sure!	Do you follow the Patriots?
Do you follow the Patriots?	Good morning! I follow the NFL very closely. I am sick of the Patriots! Hard to believe they were once lovable underdogs this century!
Good morning! I follow the NFL very closely. I am sick of the Patriots! Hard to believe they were once lovable underdogs this century!	Now they are the favorite at every turn, the owner gifted a jersey to our president
Now they are the favorite at every turn, the owner gifted a jersey to our president	Yea, I know Tom Brady keeps a MAGA hat in his locker during interviews. Bob Kraft and Trump are good friends. Kraft is a member at Mar A Lago.
Yea, I know Tom Brady keeps a MAGA hat in his locker during interviews. Bob Kraft and Trump are good friends. Kraft is a member at Mar A Lago.	He does thats new to me, cray how prior to 2001 season they never won a title and now they are the team with the most Superbowl titles under their belt
He does thats new to me, cray how prior to 2001 season they never won a title and now they are the team with the most Superbowl titles under their belt	Yup, do you watch Game of Thrones at all? I thought it was hilarious the author called the Pats, "the Lannisters of the NFL."
Yup, do you watch Game of Thrones at all? I thought it was hilarious the author called the Pats, "the Lannisters of the NFL."	I do watch it and that makes sense lol the Pats have dominated the league for many years now
I do watch it and that makes sense lol the Pats have dominated the league for many years now	It is crazy how dominant they have been. 15 AFC East titles in 17 years in a sport with that much free agency is just unfathomable!
It is crazy how dominant they have been. 15 AFC East titles in 17 years in a sport with that much free agency is just unfathomable!	15 out of 17 no kidding!! that is amazing I dont think that will happen again in the history of the sport
15 out of 17 no kidding!! that is amazing I dont think that will happen again in the history of the sport	Yea, I would agree. We will not see that again. I did not know until recently Gillette Stadium is equidistant from Boston and Providence. Always thought it was much closer to Boston.
Yea, I would agree. We will not see that again. I did not know until recently Gillette Stadium is equidistant from Boston and Providence. Always thought it was much closer to Boston.	I love that stadium its the home stadium to our team, did you hear about Superbowl 46 and how the Pats let the giants score a touchdown?
I love that stadium its the home stadium to our team, did you hear about Superbowl 46 and how the Pats let the giants score a touchdown?	Yes, I remember that well. Bold strategy, but the Giants won anyway!
Yes, I remember that well. Bold strategy, but the Giants won anyway!	Yeah the Giants didnt want to score but they ended up scoring, I wonder if Bill Belichick was the coach
Yeah the Giants didnt want to score but they ended up scoring, I wonder if Bill Belichick was the coach	He was the coach for that game. He has been the coach for the last 8 Patriots Super Bowl appearances, which is insane!!
He was the coach for that game. He has been the coach for the last 8 Patriots Super Bowl appearances, which is insane!!	He is a great coach, I guess part of the succes of the patriots is thanks to him, did you know the Patriots also hold the record for more Superbowl losses in the NFL
He is a great coach, I guess part of the succes of the patriots is thanks to him, did you know the Patriots also hold the record for more Superbowl losses in the NFL	Yes, I think they are actually tied with the poor Bills :(
Yes, I think they are actually tied with the poor Bills :(	Yeah they hold the record with the Bills but at least we also hold the record of more Superbowl wins, not sure how many the Bills have won
Yeah they hold the record with the Bills but at least we also hold the record of more Superbowl wins, not sure how many the Bills have won	Yup, goes to show you how good you can be if you are fundamentally sound like the Pats are. For example, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled once in his whole career! What a stat!
Yup, goes to show you how good you can be if you are fundamentally sound like the Pats are. For example, Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled once in his whole career! What a stat!	It is an amazing stat, he must be the only one in NFL history, skilled player, he retired back in 2011 right?
It is an amazing stat, he must be the only one in NFL history, skilled player, he retired back in 2011 right?	That sounds about right! A fun fact that not too many people know, the Browns last playoff win in 1995 was actually with Belichick as the head coach!
That sounds about right! A fun fact that not too many people know, the Browns last playoff win in 1995 was actually with Belichick as the head coach!	Belichick is a great coach a leyend not only for the Patriots then, anyways its been great chatting with you, lots of cool facts
Belichick is a great coach a leyend not only for the Patriots then, anyways its been great chatting with you, lots of cool facts	Thanks, it was great chatting with you too!
Thanks, it was great chatting with you too!	Did you see the Patriots win the Superbowl?
Did you see the Patriots win the Superbowl?	yes did you know that at one point in 2001 they were the underdogs - the game now is amazing
yes did you know that at one point in 2001 they were the underdogs - the game now is amazing	I did not because it seems like they've been a dynasty forever now. Did you know that George RR Martin called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL? I think that's fitting.
I did not because it seems like they've been a dynasty forever now. Did you know that George RR Martin called the Patriots the Lannisters of the NFL? I think that's fitting.	haha tat is funny, at this point they surely inspure envy and suspition with the scandals. but yes at one point brady was the 199th pick - can you guess the year?
haha tat is funny, at this point they surely inspure envy and suspition with the scandals. but yes at one point brady was the 199th pick - can you guess the year?	That's super shocking. No what year was it?
That's super shocking. No what year was it?	2000 - he came from university of michigan. funny with a democratic state trump loves them because they are 'winners'
2000 - he came from university of michigan. funny with a democratic state trump loves them because they are 'winners'	Not for much longer, the stars are getting too old. Everyone also forgets that they are tied with the Bills for the most super bowl losses.
Not for much longer, the stars are getting too old. Everyone also forgets that they are tied with the Bills for the most super bowl losses.	right and gillette stadium is actually in foxborough mass, about an hour from boston so its not quite a 'boston' team
right and gillette stadium is actually in foxborough mass, about an hour from boston so its not quite a 'boston' team	They sure claim it. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowler's made more money than top football players? That's so strange.
They sure claim it. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowler's made more money than top football players? That's so strange.	i love those weird facts. like the giant american flags weigh 1100 pounds and cost 50,000 to make!
i love those weird facts. like the giant american flags weigh 1100 pounds and cost 50,000 to make!	Wow! I was not aware of that. That's crazy. Are you familiar with Benjarvus Green-Ellis from the Patriots?
Wow! I was not aware of that. That's crazy. Are you familiar with Benjarvus Green-Ellis from the Patriots?	no tell me more about him
no tell me more about him	He never fumbled a football in his entire career and he was a running back! I don't know how that's possible.
He never fumbled a football in his entire career and he was a running back! I don't know how that's possible.	that sounds impossible! nearly as impossible is that th patriots have either won or lost by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries
that sounds impossible! nearly as impossible is that th patriots have either won or lost by 3 or 4 points in all 6 tries	Those are close games. Here's a fact about high scoring games. The highest scoring football game was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!
Those are close games. Here's a fact about high scoring games. The highest scoring football game was in 1916 between Georgia Tech and Cumberland and the score was 222-0!	that is funny, poor cumberland. last playoff for cleveland browns was 1995 against the patriots
that is funny, poor cumberland. last playoff for cleveland browns was 1995 against the patriots	I'm not surprised. They were so excited when they won their first game this year because it had been so long. Have you heard about the University of Iowa's locker room?
I'm not surprised. They were so excited when they won their first game this year because it had been so long. Have you heard about the University of Iowa's locker room?	no is it cool?
no is it cool?	They painted the visiting teams room pink. I'm assuming that's some kind of psychological warfare.
They painted the visiting teams room pink. I'm assuming that's some kind of psychological warfare.	oh no! that would make me want to win more! atleast the stadium didnt cost 60 million to build like a highschool in allen texas
oh no! that would make me want to win more! atleast the stadium didnt cost 60 million to build like a highschool in allen texas	That's insane. I wonder how they got that money. Especially if it's a public school.
That's insane. I wonder how they got that money. Especially if it's a public school.	Hey there do you like the New England Patriots? And what do you think about Tom Brady?
Hey there do you like the New England Patriots? And what do you think about Tom Brady?	I don't really care for the Patriots. Nor for Tom Brady. What do you think?
I don't really care for the Patriots. Nor for Tom Brady. What do you think?	I do like the Patriots personally. They do win all the time. Do you like Game of Thrones? The author of Game of Thrones does not like the Patriots apparently LOL
I do like the Patriots personally. They do win all the time. Do you like Game of Thrones? The author of Game of Thrones does not like the Patriots apparently LOL	I haven't watched much of Game of Thrones or read the books. Why didn't he like them?
I haven't watched much of Game of Thrones or read the books. Why didn't he like them?	Well I don't know exactly, but I do watch The Game of Thrones, and he says the Patriots are like the Lannisters. The Lannisters are definitely the bad guys in that show lol
Well I don't know exactly, but I do watch The Game of Thrones, and he says the Patriots are like the Lannisters. The Lannisters are definitely the bad guys in that show lol	Yikes that is a very unflattering comparison. I think the patriots are the yankees of football. Everyone loves to hate them.
Yikes that is a very unflattering comparison. I think the patriots are the yankees of football. Everyone loves to hate them.	Haha yes I can agree with you there. Do you like the Buffalo Bills by the way? They are equivalent to the New York Patriots, in terms of Super Bowl losses haha
Haha yes I can agree with you there. Do you like the Buffalo Bills by the way? They are equivalent to the New York Patriots, in terms of Super Bowl losses haha	I haven't ever heard of them actually. I'm a bit football illiterate. Is there a coach that is known as like the best in the league?
I haven't ever heard of them actually. I'm a bit football illiterate. Is there a coach that is known as like the best in the league?	Yes I think that's Bill Belichick, I think he's the best in the league, and it is an amazing record. He is the most winningest coach in the NFL postseason with 21 wins.
Yes I think that's Bill Belichick, I think he's the best in the league, and it is an amazing record. He is the most winningest coach in the NFL postseason with 21 wins.	Wow that is quite a lot of wins. What team does he coach for right now?
Wow that is quite a lot of wins. What team does he coach for right now?	He coaches the New England Patriots. And I think he'll be there coach again next year. If they win again next year that would be insane! What do you think about the Cleveland Browns by the way?
He coaches the New England Patriots. And I think he'll be there coach again next year. If they win again next year that would be insane! What do you think about the Cleveland Browns by the way?	I can't say that I know much about them. They are sort of one of those teams you hear about in passing but aren't any good so you dont' really give them a second thought.
I can't say that I know much about them. They are sort of one of those teams you hear about in passing but aren't any good so you dont' really give them a second thought.	Yeah that's true. I guess their last playoff win was back in 1995. that seems like so long ago!
Yeah that's true. I guess their last playoff win was back in 1995. that seems like so long ago!	Wow that is almost a quarter of a centuary ago!
Wow that is almost a quarter of a centuary ago!	I know right! It doesn't seem that long ago, but it kind of was lol, did you hear about the pink locker room? You know, the one painted that way by the University of Iowa?
I know right! It doesn't seem that long ago, but it kind of was lol, did you hear about the pink locker room? You know, the one painted that way by the University of Iowa?	That is totally something I could see happening in Iowa. They love to razz opposing teams.
That is totally something I could see happening in Iowa. They love to razz opposing teams.	I wonder if it works though? I would play a lot better if I were put in a pink locker room LOL, what about you?
I wonder if it works though? I would play a lot better if I were put in a pink locker room LOL, what about you?	I would find it hilarious. I'm sure it was supposed to be some sort of play on pink being a girls color. Who knows with it being Iowa though.
I would find it hilarious. I'm sure it was supposed to be some sort of play on pink being a girls color. Who knows with it being Iowa though.	Yeah that's true. have you gone bowling recently? Apparently bowling in the 60s, the top players made more than top football players, that's completely the opposite of now btw
Yeah that's true. have you gone bowling recently? Apparently bowling in the 60s, the top players made more than top football players, that's completely the opposite of now btw	It probably has a lot to do with the longevity of the career of a bowler vs a football player. It seems like football players have such a short career due to all the injuries.
It probably has a lot to do with the longevity of the career of a bowler vs a football player. It seems like football players have such a short career due to all the injuries.	I think so. They need to be wise with their money so that it lasts them their whole life, just in case they get injured. Did you hear about ESPN winning an Emmy?
I think so. They need to be wise with their money so that it lasts them their whole life, just in case they get injured. Did you hear about ESPN winning an Emmy?	Are you on Facebook?
Are you on Facebook?	Used to be, but I got fed up with their shenanigans. How long have you been on? Since early days?
Used to be, but I got fed up with their shenanigans. How long have you been on? Since early days?	I was one of the first in 2006
I was one of the first in 2006	Were you at least 13 years old then?
Were you at least 13 years old then?	Yes, much older than that unfortunately
Yes, much older than that unfortunately	I heard that Myspace said no to the chance to buy FB for $75 mil in 2005. Oops.
I heard that Myspace said no to the chance to buy FB for $75 mil in 2005. Oops.	Mark Zuckerberg seems to be digging himself a big hole at Facebook nowadays
Mark Zuckerberg seems to be digging himself a big hole at Facebook nowadays	With all his cash, he could just buy an island and live there without worries. Have you heard about the BK promotion? I would unfriend and refriend to get many Whoppers.
With all his cash, he could just buy an island and live there without worries. Have you heard about the BK promotion? I would unfriend and refriend to get many Whoppers.	I didn't hear that one. Can you tell me more about it?
I didn't hear that one. Can you tell me more about it?	Burger King had a promotion where you'd get a free Whopper if you unfriended 10 people on FB. Not sure what the point was. Spread hate for your fast food cravings?
Burger King had a promotion where you'd get a free Whopper if you unfriended 10 people on FB. Not sure what the point was. Spread hate for your fast food cravings?	How would they know? Did they run the promotion on the radio?
How would they know? Did they run the promotion on the radio?	I guess you would have to show them on your phone or something. Maybe there was a link on the website. Does anyone listen to radio anymore? Seems like YouTube is the only game around.
I guess you would have to show them on your phone or something. Maybe there was a link on the website. Does anyone listen to radio anymore? Seems like YouTube is the only game around.	All it takes to make one is a razorblade and a pencil.
All it takes to make one is a razorblade and a pencil.	If that radio got people "likes" on FB, it would be popular again. Do you know what CanCon is?
If that radio got people "likes" on FB, it would be popular again. Do you know what CanCon is?	I don't. What is it?
I don't. What is it?	Canadian Content. In Canada, 40% of music must be Canadian in origin. Rush. More Rush.
Canadian Content. In Canada, 40% of music must be Canadian in origin. Rush. More Rush.	I bet they play a lot of Justin Bieber, he is canadian I think.
I bet they play a lot of Justin Bieber, he is canadian I think.	Yeah, he's Canadian. Are you an NFL fan?
Yeah, he's Canadian. Are you an NFL fan?	I absolutely love NFL. I am watching game now
I absolutely love NFL. I am watching game now	What game? Is it the Patriots?
What game? Is it the Patriots?	Denver Oakland; I hope they combine for the most points in a game tonight
Denver Oakland; I hope they combine for the most points in a game tonight	Got some money riding on it, eh? Good luck!
Got some money riding on it, eh? Good luck!	Hi, how are you doing today?
Hi, how are you doing today?	Great and yourself?
Great and yourself?	I'm doing great! Do you use Facebook?
I'm doing great! Do you use Facebook?	I do! I never knew about the Like button being illegal in Germany! Do you use Facebook?
I do! I never knew about the Like button being illegal in Germany! Do you use Facebook?	I don't. Never really saw the appeal, but I understand it helps people stay in touch. Myspace made a blunder. How much money did they miss out on?
I don't. Never really saw the appeal, but I understand it helps people stay in touch. Myspace made a blunder. How much money did they miss out on?	They could've bought it for 75 million and now it's worth 104 billion! Do you watch football?
They could've bought it for 75 million and now it's worth 104 billion! Do you watch football?	I sometimes watch. It's an interesting sport.
I sometimes watch. It's an interesting sport.	Do you watch American football, soccer, or rugby? I didn't know an emmy could be won for a line LOL
Do you watch American football, soccer, or rugby? I didn't know an emmy could be won for a line LOL	I watch American football around playoffs, and the World Cup for soccer. I guess the line was an big breakthrough for the game.
I watch American football around playoffs, and the World Cup for soccer. I guess the line was an big breakthrough for the game.	I like it when I watch on tv. What do you think about the University of Iowa having a pink locker room for the visiting team?
I like it when I watch on tv. What do you think about the University of Iowa having a pink locker room for the visiting team?	I would say that it's a cheap ploy to put the opposition in a softer mood. Can't imagine it works now.
I would say that it's a cheap ploy to put the opposition in a softer mood. Can't imagine it works now.	Do you prefer to watch the games on tv or listen to them on the radio?
Do you prefer to watch the games on tv or listen to them on the radio?	Prefer the TV. The radio is great for talk shows and for music. And maybe the occasional weekly news program in classical Latin.
Prefer the TV. The radio is great for talk shows and for music. And maybe the occasional weekly news program in classical Latin.	I would love to find the am station where you can hear the Jupiter radio storms. That's crazy!
I would love to find the am station where you can hear the Jupiter radio storms. That's crazy!	Probably better than most of the top 40 these days. The kids have their preferences, though. I guess Jupiter storms are old school.
Probably better than most of the top 40 these days. The kids have their preferences, though. I guess Jupiter storms are old school.	I wonder if classic radio dramas could ever make a comeback? They say everything eventually comes back in style right?
I wonder if classic radio dramas could ever make a comeback? They say everything eventually comes back in style right?	I wonder if that's true in an age of video. Maybe researchers and professors will take an interest.
I wonder if that's true in an age of video. Maybe researchers and professors will take an interest.	Maybe that's something that someone at Harvard can re-develop and look into and test it with Harvard students, much like Mark Zuckerberg did with Facebook
Maybe that's something that someone at Harvard can re-develop and look into and test it with Harvard students, much like Mark Zuckerberg did with Facebook	Put the Zuck on it. See what happens. Maybe get Burger King involved with a promotion for a free whopper.
Put the Zuck on it. See what happens. Maybe get Burger King involved with a promotion for a free whopper.	Burger King doesn't need the promotion, they already give enough money to Facebook with their advertisements
Burger King doesn't need the promotion, they already give enough money to Facebook with their advertisements	True. I enjoyed chatting!
True. I enjoyed chatting!	Me too! Have a great day!
Me too! Have a great day!	Bye!
Bye!	Good morning, are you a football fan?
Good morning, are you a football fan?	Hi there. I really don't enjoy it, but I went to a big football college in the SEC, so I'm familiar enough haha.
Hi there. I really don't enjoy it, but I went to a big football college in the SEC, so I'm familiar enough haha.	The SEC sure loves their football! The schools have to bring in some much money from those games.
The SEC sure loves their football! The schools have to bring in some much money from those games.	They do, mostly from the broadcasting rights. The behind the scenes action can be pretty interesting, too--for example, the University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is painted pink.
They do, mostly from the broadcasting rights. The behind the scenes action can be pretty interesting, too--for example, the University of Iowa's visitor's locker room is painted pink.	I wonder if they thought it would give them an advantage psychologically? I can't see that working though.
I wonder if they thought it would give them an advantage psychologically? I can't see that working though.	If anything it's going to give the visiting team more motivation, right? I wonder if teams of the variations of football in other countries try similar tactics.
If anything it's going to give the visiting team more motivation, right? I wonder if teams of the variations of football in other countries try similar tactics.	I think at the highest level of sports that athletes are so tuned in that the only thing that might throw them off is their own mistake or the refs.
I think at the highest level of sports that athletes are so tuned in that the only thing that might throw them off is their own mistake or the refs.	Yes, for example, former Patriots QB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled in his NFL career.
Yes, for example, former Patriots QB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled in his NFL career.	That's an amazing stat and he had one of the best nicknames ever, The Law Firm.
That's an amazing stat and he had one of the best nicknames ever, The Law Firm.	That's certainly an interesting one; was it a reference to his offensive abilities?
That's certainly an interesting one; was it a reference to his offensive abilities?	It was because his name sounded like a law firm haha. The Law Firm of Ben-Jarvis Green-Ellis.
It was because his name sounded like a law firm haha. The Law Firm of Ben-Jarvis Green-Ellis.	Yeah, that would make for a confusing on-air name as a broadcaster if people thought it was an advertisement, especially on the radio haha.
Yeah, that would make for a confusing on-air name as a broadcaster if people thought it was an advertisement, especially on the radio haha.	Yes it would, it wasn't used a ton just to bring a little humor into the broadcast.
Yes it would, it wasn't used a ton just to bring a little humor into the broadcast.	It would probably read easier on a platform like facebook--I don't think they have a character limit for names.
It would probably read easier on a platform like facebook--I don't think they have a character limit for names.	I've never really explored that, my name isn't very long to begin with so I never ran into that issue.
I've never really explored that, my name isn't very long to begin with so I never ran into that issue.	The site does have some interesting quirks; for example, the primary color is blue because Mark Zuckerberg is red-green colorblind
The site does have some interesting quirks; for example, the primary color is blue because Mark Zuckerberg is red-green colorblind	I remember an NFL game where the two teams wore red and green jerseys. A lot of people who suffered from that complained because they could not tell who were on what team.
I remember an NFL game where the two teams wore red and green jerseys. A lot of people who suffered from that complained because they could not tell who were on what team.	That's funny--maybe it's part of why a home team wears white a lot of the time. I don't think many NCAA teams have green as a color, although a lot have red, like Ohio State.
That's funny--maybe it's part of why a home team wears white a lot of the time. I don't think many NCAA teams have green as a color, although a lot have red, like Ohio State.	Yeah this was a special game where they were testing Color Rush jerseys that were primarily one color. That's why so many people had trouble because there were no breaks in the color or noticeable logos.
Yeah this was a special game where they were testing Color Rush jerseys that were primarily one color. That's why so many people had trouble because there were no breaks in the color or noticeable logos.	I guess they make some choices to make things easier on the viewers; for example, ESPN actually won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line shown on TV.
I guess they make some choices to make things easier on the viewers; for example, ESPN actually won an Emmy for the superimposed yellow first down line shown on TV.	That was a great invention that made watching the game a lot easier! It was fun talking football with you, have a great day!
That was a great invention that made watching the game a lot easier! It was fun talking football with you, have a great day!	Good Afternoon!
Good Afternoon!	Hi there. I just learned that a wealthy board member of the University of Virginia wanted to sponsor a shoe shopping day for female staff and some women were offended. Virginia just cannot get a break.
Hi there. I just learned that a wealthy board member of the University of Virginia wanted to sponsor a shoe shopping day for female staff and some women were offended. Virginia just cannot get a break.	Isn't that the truth! What was the reason behind a female only shopping spree? I hope it wasn't nefarious
Isn't that the truth! What was the reason behind a female only shopping spree? I hope it wasn't nefarious	It was to celebrate his Mom's 102 birthday. The women objected because they want to choose the groups they associate with and this trip would jam them together arbitrarily.
It was to celebrate his Mom's 102 birthday. The women objected because they want to choose the groups they associate with and this trip would jam them together arbitrarily.	Interesting!
Interesting!	The guy had to resign from the board. He just wanted to express generosity and have some people have some fun. It was a strange turn of events.
The guy had to resign from the board. He just wanted to express generosity and have some people have some fun. It was a strange turn of events.	Like you said - nothing these days about the Commonwealth of Virginia surprises me any more! That's amazing
Like you said - nothing these days about the Commonwealth of Virginia surprises me any more! That's amazing	Speaking of shopping for shoes, Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that cost $15 and took no money for the endorsement.
Speaking of shopping for shoes, Stephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that cost $15 and took no money for the endorsement.	Starbury is a good dude, he played here in Phoenix and did a lot of good stuff in the community and was pretty selfless. This does not surprise me, and I think I heard about it a while back. Thought he was still playing in China?
Starbury is a good dude, he played here in Phoenix and did a lot of good stuff in the community and was pretty selfless. This does not surprise me, and I think I heard about it a while back. Thought he was still playing in China?	I am in Ahwatukee myself. Some shoes are safety equipment. I have known men who wore steel toed shoes to protect against heavy items being dropped.
I am in Ahwatukee myself. Some shoes are safety equipment. I have known men who wore steel toed shoes to protect against heavy items being dropped.	For sure, very valuable in the construction industry! I bet some of those shoes start to smell pretty bad after a few years of work!
For sure, very valuable in the construction industry! I bet some of those shoes start to smell pretty bad after a few years of work!	Undoubtedly. They say that dry tea bags will absorb the odor. I wonder how long it takes.
Undoubtedly. They say that dry tea bags will absorb the odor. I wonder how long it takes.	I guess there's always a double use for everything every made in the world. I wonder how these things are discovered?!?!
I guess there's always a double use for everything every made in the world. I wonder how these things are discovered?!?!	Good point! Did someone drop a tea bag and then did not notice it and one shoe smelled better compared to the other one?
Good point! Did someone drop a tea bag and then did not notice it and one shoe smelled better compared to the other one?	Right! I guess we'll never know if it was science or accidents - shoes are pretty weird when you think about how diverse they are and pretty much everyone has several pairs and types
Right! I guess we'll never know if it was science or accidents - shoes are pretty weird when you think about how diverse they are and pretty much everyone has several pairs and types	NFL wide receiver Steve Smith would leave his pair of cleats on the field after each game to remind people of the homeless who don't have shoes.
NFL wide receiver Steve Smith would leave his pair of cleats on the field after each game to remind people of the homeless who don't have shoes.	Another good dude athlete! I remember this gesture and how he didn't make a big deal about it until the media caught on.
Another good dude athlete! I remember this gesture and how he didn't make a big deal about it until the media caught on.	I just heard about it recently. I did see him do some interviews and he came across as a good guy. I also read that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Another one of those, "How do the measure that?"
I just heard about it recently. I did see him do some interviews and he came across as a good guy. I also read that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Another one of those, "How do the measure that?"	Did someone walk a mile in someone's 5,000 year old shoes? Great point, and they couldn't have been comfortable!
Did someone walk a mile in someone's 5,000 year old shoes? Great point, and they couldn't have been comfortable!	Yes, that's right. Years ago, shoes were more for function and there is some of that now like the steel toed ones. However, they are much more for fashion now than they used to be.
Yes, that's right. Years ago, shoes were more for function and there is some of that now like the steel toed ones. However, they are much more for fashion now than they used to be.	Fashion for sure and the prices for some are crazy - I've seen "designer" sneakers for $500 - that's ridiculous!
Fashion for sure and the prices for some are crazy - I've seen "designer" sneakers for $500 - that's ridiculous!	It sure is. When our kids moved out, I put in shoe racks and we now have a "shoe room" for my wife in what used to be a bedroom. Nice conversation. Thanks.
It sure is. When our kids moved out, I put in shoe racks and we now have a "shoe room" for my wife in what used to be a bedroom. Nice conversation. Thanks.	Hi! Do you know a lot about shoes?
Hi! Do you know a lot about shoes?	A decent amount. What about you? Do you have a shoe preference?
A decent amount. What about you? Do you have a shoe preference?	Not really. I do have a problem though and maybe you can help me out. My feet sweat really bad and they make my shoes smell really stinky. Do you know of any tricks or tips I can do to help get rid of the unpleasant odor?
Not really. I do have a problem though and maybe you can help me out. My feet sweat really bad and they make my shoes smell really stinky. Do you know of any tricks or tips I can do to help get rid of the unpleasant odor?	You can place dry tea bags in shoes and they will absorb the bad smell. For real.
You can place dry tea bags in shoes and they will absorb the bad smell. For real.	Thank you so much! I was about to pass out from the stench. I wonder how they know that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
Thank you so much! I was about to pass out from the stench. I wonder how they know that 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.	They must have tested them. Leather shoes can be really resilient.
They must have tested them. Leather shoes can be really resilient.	I bet. Pro ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week. I bet that gets expensive.
I bet. Pro ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week. I bet that gets expensive.	Yes, but if they are professional, I think the ballet company pays for the shoes. Do you prefer functional shoes or decorative fashionable shoes, or both?
Yes, but if they are professional, I think the ballet company pays for the shoes. Do you prefer functional shoes or decorative fashionable shoes, or both?	I'm a mixture of both. Seems like the big money I spend for nice shoes ends up being a waste though because then I don't wear the shoes. lol
I'm a mixture of both. Seems like the big money I spend for nice shoes ends up being a waste though because then I don't wear the shoes. lol	Ha ha. I like to buy moderately expensive high quality shoes on sale because they last longer. Did you know that NFL player Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness about homeless people without shoes?
Ha ha. I like to buy moderately expensive high quality shoes on sale because they last longer. Did you know that NFL player Steve Smith leaves his cleats on the field after every game to raise awareness about homeless people without shoes?	That's pretty cool of him to do that. I feel terrible when I see homeless people. I can't even imagine what goes through their minds every day.
That's pretty cool of him to do that. I feel terrible when I see homeless people. I can't even imagine what goes through their minds every day.	Same. I wonder if he raises money to buy shoes to give away?
Same. I wonder if he raises money to buy shoes to give away?	He must. I'll have to look it up. Sephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed for $15 and he wasn't paid to endorse them. I wonder if those were some kind of shoes for charity as well and that's why he did it for free?
He must. I'll have to look it up. Sephon Marbury promoted a line of shoes that retailed for $15 and he wasn't paid to endorse them. I wonder if those were some kind of shoes for charity as well and that's why he did it for free?	I wonder. Do you prefer American football or soccer or both?
I wonder. Do you prefer American football or soccer or both?	I prefer football over soccer. lol
I prefer football over soccer. lol	I prefer soccer. I especially enjoy watching the World Cup games, both the men's and women's World Cups.
I prefer soccer. I especially enjoy watching the World Cup games, both the men's and women's World Cups.	I'll watch the world cup games. I wonder why americans call it soccer but the rest of the world calls it football?
I'll watch the world cup games. I wonder why americans call it soccer but the rest of the world calls it football?	Probably because elsewhere in the world they don't really watch American football. Rugby is popular around the world though. What is your favorite American football team?
Probably because elsewhere in the world they don't really watch American football. Rugby is popular around the world though. What is your favorite American football team?	My favorite team is the steelers. Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?
My favorite team is the steelers. Do you know what the highest scoring football game ever was?	I think it was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0! Crazy! No mercy for the other team!
I think it was in 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0! Crazy! No mercy for the other team!	p
p	Did you know that professional bowlers in the 1960s made 2 times more than current football stars? Bowling must've been real popular then.
Did you know that professional bowlers in the 1960s made 2 times more than current football stars? Bowling must've been real popular then.	Wow. It was along with baseball and horse racing. Thanks for chatting!
Wow. It was along with baseball and horse racing. Thanks for chatting!	Sure, have a good day!
Sure, have a good day!	You too!
You too!	I love shoes, in fact I have a collection of them
I love shoes, in fact I have a collection of them	Nice, are they as good as the 5000 years old ones?
Nice, are they as good as the 5000 years old ones?	I dont think so lol, but they look nice that I can tell you
I dont think so lol, but they look nice that I can tell you	Nice :). did you know ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week?
Nice :). did you know ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of shoes a week?	No I didnt, they must spend a fortune on shoes, good thing I dont like ballet lol
No I didnt, they must spend a fortune on shoes, good thing I dont like ballet lol	Yeah they must. how to you keep your shoes free of smells
Yeah they must. how to you keep your shoes free of smells	I use a spry and also dry tea bags, its a great way to absorb all those bad smells, highly recommended
I use a spry and also dry tea bags, its a great way to absorb all those bad smells, highly recommended	Nice, good to know. DO you know who steve smith is?
Nice, good to know. DO you know who steve smith is?	No not really, who is he?
No not really, who is he?	An nfl player who always leaves his cleats in the field after the game to raise awareness about homelessness
An nfl player who always leaves his cleats in the field after the game to raise awareness about homelessness	Oh so thats him, I remember now his a wide receiver and not only a great player but it seems like a great person as well
Oh so thats him, I remember now his a wide receiver and not only a great player but it seems like a great person as well	yeah he is doing what he loves while doing something great for the community
yeah he is doing what he loves while doing something great for the community	I agree so do you also know the player Benjarvus Green Ellis?
I agree so do you also know the player Benjarvus Green Ellis?	Yeah , he is the guy that never fumbled a football in his career
Yeah , he is the guy that never fumbled a football in his career	Yeah the same one, he played for the Patriots, his one of the best players I have seen at least on the RB position.
Yeah the same one, he played for the Patriots, his one of the best players I have seen at least on the RB position.	Yeah that is amazing. U of Iowa locker room is apparently pink, the visitors one
Yeah that is amazing. U of Iowa locker room is apparently pink, the visitors one	Thats funny, I wonder how the other teams take that, its hard to be tough in a pink room
Thats funny, I wonder how the other teams take that, its hard to be tough in a pink room	I know it is supposed to be some kind of distraction i think
I know it is supposed to be some kind of distraction i think	I wonder if the tactic works, the other team might get angry because it seems a bit insulting anyways back in the 60s bowlers made more money than football players
I wonder if the tactic works, the other team might get angry because it seems a bit insulting anyways back in the 60s bowlers made more money than football players	Yeah, I know. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents of the us are?
Yeah, I know. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents of the us are?	Im guessin Trump, JFK and Jefferson
Im guessin Trump, JFK and Jefferson	Actually trump is not in there, bu Washington is
Actually trump is not in there, bu Washington is	Oh I see, thats interesting, Trump is rich as hell or so it seems that way.
Oh I see, thats interesting, Trump is rich as hell or so it seems that way.	Hello there, do you watch much television?
Hello there, do you watch much television?	I love tv. How about you. Whats your favorite show.
I love tv. How about you. Whats your favorite show.	Yeah same here, I love tv. I would have to say either Seinfeld or the Simpsons are my all time favs, how about you?
Yeah same here, I love tv. I would have to say either Seinfeld or the Simpsons are my all time favs, how about you?	Never cared for seinfeld myself. I love the simpsons. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt in the show or mentioned.
Never cared for seinfeld myself. I love the simpsons. Did you know there is only one episode where bart isnt in the show or mentioned.	I think I have heard about that before, but pretty sure I have never seen that one.
I think I have heard about that before, but pretty sure I have never seen that one.	I have seen a lot of epeiodes of the simpsons. I dont remember seeing that one either.
I have seen a lot of epeiodes of the simpsons. I dont remember seeing that one either.	Yeah I think Simpsons should have done like Seinfeld and quit while they were still very funny, I think after season 10 it started going downhill.
Yeah I think Simpsons should have done like Seinfeld and quit while they were still very funny, I think after season 10 it started going downhill.	I never really thought seinfeld was funny. I liked cramer he was funny. I could wathc the simpsons anytime. Homer is always funny.
I never really thought seinfeld was funny. I liked cramer he was funny. I could wathc the simpsons anytime. Homer is always funny.	Yeah the Simpsons is just classic. Have you ever seen Pokemon?
Yeah the Simpsons is just classic. Have you ever seen Pokemon?	I have not actually. I do know there are over 750 episodes. thats about 50 a year for 16 years. It was pretty popular.
I have not actually. I do know there are over 750 episodes. thats about 50 a year for 16 years. It was pretty popular.	Yeah isn't that just crazy how many there are? I wonder how they keep coming up with new material after all those shows.
Yeah isn't that just crazy how many there are? I wonder how they keep coming up with new material after all those shows.	Well I think there are thousands of different pokemon. So they would have no shortage of characters toto make it new. throw in
Well I think there are thousands of different pokemon. So they would have no shortage of characters toto make it new. throw in	Wow, well in that case yeah I guess they could just pick a character and make a few shows out of that.
Wow, well in that case yeah I guess they could just pick a character and make a few shows out of that.	Dont quote me on that number. I know there are a lot of them though. Were you a that 70s show fan?
Dont quote me on that number. I know there are a lot of them though. Were you a that 70s show fan?	Yeah I really like that show when it first came out, have you ever seen it?
Yeah I really like that show when it first came out, have you ever seen it?	Yeah I thought it was pretty good. I guess they remade it over in the UK. It was canceled after 10 episodes.
Yeah I thought it was pretty good. I guess they remade it over in the UK. It was canceled after 10 episodes.	I heard it bombed over there when they tried yeah, I wonder why/
I heard it bombed over there when they tried yeah, I wonder why/	I guess it just didnt translate well. They remade the show verbatim so it was exactly what we saw here. Or maybe the actors werent very good.
I guess it just didnt translate well. They remade the show verbatim so it was exactly what we saw here. Or maybe the actors werent very good.	Yeah that could be it, I know the actors really made the show over here.
Yeah that could be it, I know the actors really made the show over here.	I know I enjoyed it over here. Almost as much as my son loves Thomas the tank.
I know I enjoyed it over here. Almost as much as my son loves Thomas the tank.	Yeah I heard that show has had some big names narrating. Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day!
Yeah I heard that show has had some big names narrating. Anyways, it's been good talking with you, I hope you have a good day!	Good Morning!
Good Morning!	Good morning. How are you? So did you get a chance to watch the winter olympics at all last year?
Good morning. How are you? So did you get a chance to watch the winter olympics at all last year?	Yes I watched some of it. My favorite is the ice skating. I like the singles and the couples equally. I like Adam Rippon!
Yes I watched some of it. My favorite is the ice skating. I like the singles and the couples equally. I like Adam Rippon!	I didn't get a chance to watch a ton of it. I have small kids so I watch a lot of cartoons most nights but I did get to watch some. I'm not a huge skating fan but I don't mind it whenever the Olympics come on. Yeah Adam Rippon did pretty amazing.
I didn't get a chance to watch a ton of it. I have small kids so I watch a lot of cartoons most nights but I did get to watch some. I'm not a huge skating fan but I don't mind it whenever the Olympics come on. Yeah Adam Rippon did pretty amazing.	You would never guess that these amazing people are so nervous. They look so polished-like they never got scared.
You would never guess that these amazing people are so nervous. They look so polished-like they never got scared.	Yeah it's true. They do look real calm. I feel like I would be freaking out if I were in that position.
Yeah it's true. They do look real calm. I feel like I would be freaking out if I were in that position.	I would fall flat on my face. I did not know that he was gay. That must put him in a position to help other people who are gay to be cool with it.
I would fall flat on my face. I did not know that he was gay. That must put him in a position to help other people who are gay to be cool with it.	Yeah. It seems like he used his sports platform to talk about the difficulties of being gay and the difficulties that a lot of younger people face.
Yeah. It seems like he used his sports platform to talk about the difficulties of being gay and the difficulties that a lot of younger people face.	Yes, there is so much bullying that kids go through if they are different.
Yes, there is so much bullying that kids go through if they are different.	Yeah. I always worry about bullying when my kids get older. I know you can't protect your kids forever but it's hard to see others treated badly because they may look or act different.
Yeah. I always worry about bullying when my kids get older. I know you can't protect your kids forever but it's hard to see others treated badly because they may look or act different.	You have to stand behind them that's for sure. My son is gay but he never got bullied because he came out after high school. I have always stood behind him anyway. In high school the other kids were scared of him because he was a fighter.
You have to stand behind them that's for sure. My son is gay but he never got bullied because he came out after high school. I have always stood behind him anyway. In high school the other kids were scared of him because he was a fighter.	Well that's one way to deal with bullying. Haha. I think it is very important to stand behind your kids and let them know you love them no matter what.
Well that's one way to deal with bullying. Haha. I think it is very important to stand behind your kids and let them know you love them no matter what.	Kids need family support. As long as they are being themselves, they will learn to stand up to bullying. Most bullies are cowards, anyway.
Kids need family support. As long as they are being themselves, they will learn to stand up to bullying. Most bullies are cowards, anyway.	That's true. I was looking at some interesting facts here. I didn't realize that the three wealthiest Presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. But I guess the two oldest owned massive amounts of land I'm sure.
That's true. I was looking at some interesting facts here. I didn't realize that the three wealthiest Presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. But I guess the two oldest owned massive amounts of land I'm sure.	There was plenty of land to go around in those days. And the Kennedys got rich on Irish whiskey. I am from Massachusetts. lol
There was plenty of land to go around in those days. And the Kennedys got rich on Irish whiskey. I am from Massachusetts. lol	I guess you would know then. Haha. I just went to a Museum in Virginia not too long ago about the early settlers and they pretty much just gave away land for free back then to anyone who would come and settle there. Those were the days.
I guess you would know then. Haha. I just went to a Museum in Virginia not too long ago about the early settlers and they pretty much just gave away land for free back then to anyone who would come and settle there. Those were the days.	Yes. I wish I was there. That was a great enticement for people to come from Europe. But it was hard living in those days. Not so easy to settle a new country.
Yes. I wish I was there. That was a great enticement for people to come from Europe. But it was hard living in those days. Not so easy to settle a new country.	No. It was very hard. We got to walk around the old settlements and they definitely had to work very hard and pretty much everything they had was from the land they lived off of.
No. It was very hard. We got to walk around the old settlements and they definitely had to work very hard and pretty much everything they had was from the land they lived off of.	No grocery stores or Macys. haha Still, it must have been worth it because a lot of people came. They didn't have any entertainment either. No television and no Simpsons.
No grocery stores or Macys. haha Still, it must have been worth it because a lot of people came. They didn't have any entertainment either. No television and no Simpsons.	Yeah, What did they do with all their free time. Haha. They definitely had a strong work ethic. They had to or they wouldn't survive.
Yeah, What did they do with all their free time. Haha. They definitely had a strong work ethic. They had to or they wouldn't survive.	They probably didn't have free time. Sunday mornings-but they all went to church. You couldn't be lazy or you wouldn't eat.
They probably didn't have free time. Sunday mornings-but they all went to church. You couldn't be lazy or you wouldn't eat.	Well, I am going to head out here. It was very nice chatting with you today.
Well, I am going to head out here. It was very nice chatting with you today.	Thank you-have a great day. Don't work too hard!
Thank you-have a great day. Don't work too hard!	I'll try not too.
I'll try not too.	Do you watch television at all?
Do you watch television at all?	I do. I like comedies, how about you?
I do. I like comedies, how about you?	I like comedies and dramas. Not big on Pokemon though
I like comedies and dramas. Not big on Pokemon though	Me neither. But some people must like it since they made 750 episodes!
Me neither. But some people must like it since they made 750 episodes!	I guess kids will watch anything. Have you watched That 70s Show?
I guess kids will watch anything. Have you watched That 70s Show?	I have. I heard it was remade in the UK and got cancelled!
I have. I heard it was remade in the UK and got cancelled!	I'm not surprised. The show was very American. Sometimes it works well the other way. Three's Company was based on a UK show.
I'm not surprised. The show was very American. Sometimes it works well the other way. Three's Company was based on a UK show.	That's true. I didn't realize that.
That's true. I didn't realize that.	Would you watch a show that used chickens to entertain audiences?
Would you watch a show that used chickens to entertain audiences?	I don't think so. Haha. Cesar learned about chickens as entertainment in Britain.
I don't think so. Haha. Cesar learned about chickens as entertainment in Britain.	Strange because chickens are so tasty.
Strange because chickens are so tasty.	People do a lot of different things for entertainment! Do you play video games?
People do a lot of different things for entertainment! Do you play video games?	I used to play. Don't play now. What's your favorite system?
I used to play. Don't play now. What's your favorite system?	I had an old Nintendo. They finally discontinued it in 2003.
I had an old Nintendo. They finally discontinued it in 2003.	Very popular system, even though it had only 54 colors. Much better than the Gameboy.
Very popular system, even though it had only 54 colors. Much better than the Gameboy.	I wonder if they have video games at the White House?
I wonder if they have video games at the White House?	If there are kids in the White House, sure. Trump tends to watch TV a lot. I don't think he plays games.
If there are kids in the White House, sure. Trump tends to watch TV a lot. I don't think he plays games.	I heard the guest house is bigger than the White House itself. I guess they have a lot of visitors.
I heard the guest house is bigger than the White House itself. I guess they have a lot of visitors.	These days, guests are probably getting fast food because of the gov't shut down.
These days, guests are probably getting fast food because of the gov't shut down.	That's true! It used to be that the runner up of the election became the Vice President! That would never work these days.
That's true! It used to be that the runner up of the election became the Vice President! That would never work these days.	I imagine a lot of fighting all the time.
I imagine a lot of fighting all the time.	Yeah, I can see that! I learned a lot from you, thanks for chatting!
Yeah, I can see that! I learned a lot from you, thanks for chatting!	Do you watch a lot of TV?
Do you watch a lot of TV?	I do! I love game shows and sitcoms, but I am also a big fan of some cartoons.
I do! I love game shows and sitcoms, but I am also a big fan of some cartoons.	What cartoons do you like?
What cartoons do you like?	I really like American Dad, but some of the older episodes of South Park are really great. Did you know that when they aired their Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the crew of The Simpsons?
I really like American Dad, but some of the older episodes of South Park are really great. Did you know that when they aired their Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the crew of The Simpsons?	I did not, it seems like they have a good relationship, thats great they are rivals but no need to fight
I did not, it seems like they have a good relationship, thats great they are rivals but no need to fight	I think it's a pretty well-shared opinion in the cartoon world that Family Guy is a lazy show because so much of its humor is non-sequiturs. Have you ever watched Pokemon?
I think it's a pretty well-shared opinion in the cartoon world that Family Guy is a lazy show because so much of its humor is non-sequiturs. Have you ever watched Pokemon?	I have, got to catch them all right? seems a bit impossible at this point
I have, got to catch them all right? seems a bit impossible at this point	Yes, kind of like 'catching' all of the undocumented immigrants, as some might put it. Did you see any of the President's speech on border security on TV today?
Yes, kind of like 'catching' all of the undocumented immigrants, as some might put it. Did you see any of the President's speech on border security on TV today?	I did, it seems like a waste of money to me, nor really worth it, do you support Trump?
I did, it seems like a waste of money to me, nor really worth it, do you support Trump?	Definitely not! It's odd that he claims he knows how to run a country on the basis that he's a rich businessman, and yet he's not even one of the three wealthiest presidents (JFK, Washington, Jefferson)
Definitely not! It's odd that he claims he knows how to run a country on the basis that he's a rich businessman, and yet he's not even one of the three wealthiest presidents (JFK, Washington, Jefferson)	Yeah, I think he is too stuborn and does whatever he wants. His guest house is larger than the white house its hard to believe he's not on that list
Yeah, I think he is too stuborn and does whatever he wants. His guest house is larger than the white house its hard to believe he's not on that list	I guess it's kind of ironic that a man who owns all those hotels lives in a house smaller than his guest house haha. I bet he'd prefer an authoritarian regime where he could be a dictator who's just called a president.
I guess it's kind of ironic that a man who owns all those hotels lives in a house smaller than his guest house haha. I bet he'd prefer an authoritarian regime where he could be a dictator who's just called a president.	Yeah I agree it is ironic indeed, you know that up untill 1805 the runner up of an election would become Vice President!!!
Yeah I agree it is ironic indeed, you know that up untill 1805 the runner up of an election would become Vice President!!!	Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trump's VP? Now that would be some can't miss entertainment! That would definitely hold the national audience's interest.
Can you imagine Hillary Clinton as Trump's VP? Now that would be some can't miss entertainment! That would definitely hold the national audience's interest.	We would have a civil war almost every week lol, its a good thing that has changed now, in my opinion Trump should use his time to record pop albums instead of trying to build an expensive and useless wall
We would have a civil war almost every week lol, its a good thing that has changed now, in my opinion Trump should use his time to record pop albums instead of trying to build an expensive and useless wall	Yes, The President Show on Comedy Central actually had a Christmas special that featured a fake Trump holiday album. If he didn't spend so much time on Twitter, maybe he could release 3 albums like the president of Indonesia has while in office
Yes, The President Show on Comedy Central actually had a Christmas special that featured a fake Trump holiday album. If he didn't spend so much time on Twitter, maybe he could release 3 albums like the president of Indonesia has while in office	That would be a great idea I might buy the album and maybe Trump will make it to the top 3 rank with the money of the sales
That would be a great idea I might buy the album and maybe Trump will make it to the top 3 rank with the money of the sales	Yes, that would be one way to make money. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't look presidential enough? I wish that had happened with voters and Trump!
Yes, that would be one way to make money. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't look presidential enough? I wish that had happened with voters and Trump!	That is ironic lol, and I hope Trump doesn't get re-elected. I really don't understand why people vote for him.
That is ironic lol, and I hope Trump doesn't get re-elected. I really don't understand why people vote for him.	I hope not! The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana, and based on the little I've read about him it seems like he wasn't a very effective leader and the country is still negatively impacted by his time in office.
I hope not! The first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana, and based on the little I've read about him it seems like he wasn't a very effective leader and the country is still negatively impacted by his time in office.	So enough politics and more entertainment, did you ever own a nintendo system?
So enough politics and more entertainment, did you ever own a nintendo system?	I did a long time ago, and SNES, too. Too bad they stopped making those consoles.
I did a long time ago, and SNES, too. Too bad they stopped making those consoles.	Yeah they stopped making them back in 2003, its a shame but theres more advanced systems now
Yeah they stopped making them back in 2003, its a shame but theres more advanced systems now	Yes, they display far more than the 54 colors the original had.
Yes, they display far more than the 54 colors the original had.	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	Well thank you. Do you enjoy any sports?
Well thank you. Do you enjoy any sports?	I enjoy all sports. What about you?
I enjoy all sports. What about you?	I especially enjoy football and baseball. Do you enjoy any in particular?
I especially enjoy football and baseball. Do you enjoy any in particular?	I really enjoy those. I like college and the NFL.
I really enjoy those. I like college and the NFL.	Football and the nfl are both very popular in the US. 14 of 25 of the largest stadiums belong to college football teams.
Football and the nfl are both very popular in the US. 14 of 25 of the largest stadiums belong to college football teams.	Wow, I did not know it was that many. I know Michigan and OSU have huge stadiums but I am not sure I could name more. Maybe Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama???
Wow, I did not know it was that many. I know Michigan and OSU have huge stadiums but I am not sure I could name more. Maybe Oklahoma, Texas, Alabama???	I mean a high school football stadium in texas with 18K seats cost 60 million to build. Imagine how much it too to build those big college stadiums.
I mean a high school football stadium in texas with 18K seats cost 60 million to build. Imagine how much it too to build those big college stadiums.	Yeah! College teams have huge boosters though. Like Oregon has Phil Knight and Oklahoma State has T Booke Pickens...
Yeah! College teams have huge boosters though. Like Oregon has Phil Knight and Oklahoma State has T Booke Pickens...	These stadiums sure are a large investment. Even the huge american flags alone are 50k a pop
These stadiums sure are a large investment. Even the huge american flags alone are 50k a pop	That much!!! Holy cow! I wonder how much the pink paint iowa used to paint the visitors locker room cost?
That much!!! Holy cow! I wonder how much the pink paint iowa used to paint the visitors locker room cost?	I wonder if baseball stadiums cost just as much?
I wonder if baseball stadiums cost just as much?	No, not in college, They do not need the infrastructure that foot ball needs, in terms of seating.
No, not in college, They do not need the infrastructure that foot ball needs, in terms of seating.	Really? I though even college baseball have large stadiums. In any case, did you know a typical season uses up to 160k baseballs?
Really? I though even college baseball have large stadiums. In any case, did you know a typical season uses up to 160k baseballs?	That many! I went to a big ten school and they had maybe 100 people at the games. It was sparce...
That many! I went to a big ten school and they had maybe 100 people at the games. It was sparce...	Really? I imagined college baseball to be 3rd, only behind football and soccer, having at least several hundred to a thousand
Really? I imagined college baseball to be 3rd, only behind football and soccer, having at least several hundred to a thousand	Not at Illinois... There was a guy who found $3M in baseball cards in his grandpa's attic!
Not at Illinois... There was a guy who found $3M in baseball cards in his grandpa's attic!	Man it seems like forgotten attics are actually treasure troves. While I enjoy baseball, it seems they haven't done a good job making it far for women. A 17 year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig
Man it seems like forgotten attics are actually treasure troves. While I enjoy baseball, it seems they haven't done a good job making it far for women. A 17 year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig	Banned for that? Are attics going to be the new storage unit?
Banned for that? Are attics going to be the new storage unit?	Perhaps. On a different note, baseball have more fair rules to keep players from making bad choices. For instance if a player catches a baseball in their hat, the opposing team gets 3 bases.
Perhaps. On a different note, baseball have more fair rules to keep players from making bad choices. For instance if a player catches a baseball in their hat, the opposing team gets 3 bases.	That would make it more fun. Nice chatting with you!
That would make it more fun. Nice chatting with you!	Are you a fan of football by any chance?
Are you a fan of football by any chance?	Yes I actually am, I am a fan of the Patriots, what about you?
Yes I actually am, I am a fan of the Patriots, what about you?	I am. Bears fan here. Were you aware that the Patriots had a player that never fumbled the ball his entire career?
I am. Bears fan here. Were you aware that the Patriots had a player that never fumbled the ball his entire career?	I am aware I became a fan because of him, Benjarvus Green Ellis, what a great player.
I am aware I became a fan because of him, Benjarvus Green Ellis, what a great player.	That is such a shocking statistic. He was a running back right?
That is such a shocking statistic. He was a running back right?	Yeah he was a running back that is correct, did you hear about the team that lost by 222 points, that was a serious defeat!!
Yeah he was a running back that is correct, did you hear about the team that lost by 222 points, that was a serious defeat!!	I did. It was Cumberland that lost. I do not know how it is possible to score that many points in a game.
I did. It was Cumberland that lost. I do not know how it is possible to score that many points in a game.	I know! the other team's coach really underperformed or the whole team was underslept
I know! the other team's coach really underperformed or the whole team was underslept	Apparently. In the 60's bowlers made more than football players. I can't imagine that bowling was ever that popular.
Apparently. In the 60's bowlers made more than football players. I can't imagine that bowling was ever that popular.	Or maybe football players didnt earn that much to begin with, have you ever been to the University of Iowa? turns out the visiting team locker room is completely pink.
Or maybe football players didnt earn that much to begin with, have you ever been to the University of Iowa? turns out the visiting team locker room is completely pink.	I have not but that's some kind of psychological warfare ha ha. I watch a lot of television even when football is not on. Do you?
I have not but that's some kind of psychological warfare ha ha. I watch a lot of television even when football is not on. Do you?	It must be, it definetely makes you think twice, and I do as well I love TV mostly cartoons or animated series though.
It must be, it definetely makes you think twice, and I do as well I love TV mostly cartoons or animated series though.	I like adult animated series like Archer and South Park. Apparently when South Park did their Family Guy episode the Simpsons crew sent them flowers which is hilarious.
I like adult animated series like Archer and South Park. Apparently when South Park did their Family Guy episode the Simpsons crew sent them flowers which is hilarious.	That is hilarious and I love both shows I also like Pokemon, but mostly the 150 original Pokemons.
That is hilarious and I love both shows I also like Pokemon, but mostly the 150 original Pokemons.	I can't believe there were so many. How many years was it on?
I can't believe there were so many. How many years was it on?	It's like 750 Pokemon episodes and its been around 16 years since it first aired so quite a long time and its still successfull.
It's like 750 Pokemon episodes and its been around 16 years since it first aired so quite a long time and its still successfull.	Wow, it does not seem like that long. Since I mentioned The Simpsons earlier, there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned. With as long as that has been on that's so shocking.
Wow, it does not seem like that long. Since I mentioned The Simpsons earlier, there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned. With as long as that has been on that's so shocking.	I havent seen that episode, I might google it later, and yeah The Simpsons has over 600 episodes.
I havent seen that episode, I might google it later, and yeah The Simpsons has over 600 episodes.	I don't think I have either. That's an insane amount of episodes. Did you ever see Thomas the Tank Engine?
I don't think I have either. That's an insane amount of episodes. Did you ever see Thomas the Tank Engine?	I did, my little brother used to love Thomas the Tank Engine, I remember it had great narrators.
I did, my little brother used to love Thomas the Tank Engine, I remember it had great narrators.	It did. Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated for them.
It did. Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have all narrated for them.	Hi!
Hi!	What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite holiday?	one where I get to meet lots of different people.
one where I get to meet lots of different people.	What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?
What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?	Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.
Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.	Which holiday was that?
Which holiday was that?	I think it was Australia
I think it was Australia	Do you still talk to the people you met?
Do you still talk to the people you met?	Not really. The interactions are usually short-lived but it's fascinating to learn where people are coming from and what matters to them
Not really. The interactions are usually short-lived but it's fascinating to learn where people are coming from and what matters to them	Yea, me too. I feel like God often puts strangers in front of you, and gives you an opportunity to connect with them in that moment in deeply meaningful ways. Do you ever feel like you know things about strangers without them telling you?
Yea, me too. I feel like God often puts strangers in front of you, and gives you an opportunity to connect with them in that moment in deeply meaningful ways. Do you ever feel like you know things about strangers without them telling you?	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	I think it's like a 6th sense, often seen as "cold readings" to people, but can be remarkably accurate. I once sat next to a man in a coffee and I felt a pain in my back. I asked the stranger if he had a pain. It turns out that he did in the exact spot, and said he pulled a muscle while dancing at a party. I had never met the man before and never saw him again.
I think it's like a 6th sense, often seen as "cold readings" to people, but can be remarkably accurate. I once sat next to a man in a coffee and I felt a pain in my back. I asked the stranger if he had a pain. It turns out that he did in the exact spot, and said he pulled a muscle while dancing at a party. I had never met the man before and never saw him again.	Wow! That's interesting, borderline spooky
Wow! That's interesting, borderline spooky	There's this practice called "Treasure Hunting" that's kind of a fun game you play in a public place. There's a book called "The Ultimate Treasure Hunt" that talks about it. You use your creativity to imagine people you will meet, and you write down a description, then you associate them with a positive message or encouraging word. Maybe you saw a teenage boy in a red hat at the shopping mall in your imagination, then while at the mall, you may find someone who matches that description. You show that you have a message for him and that you have a message for a boy in a red hat. You then give him a message of kindness or whatever was on your heart. You have no idea, sometimes you meet someone who is having a really hard day, and it brings them to tears to have a stranger show them love.
There's this practice called "Treasure Hunting" that's kind of a fun game you play in a public place. There's a book called "The Ultimate Treasure Hunt" that talks about it. You use your creativity to imagine people you will meet, and you write down a description, then you associate them with a positive message or encouraging word. Maybe you saw a teenage boy in a red hat at the shopping mall in your imagination, then while at the mall, you may find someone who matches that description. You show that you have a message for him and that you have a message for a boy in a red hat. You then give him a message of kindness or whatever was on your heart. You have no idea, sometimes you meet someone who is having a really hard day, and it brings them to tears to have a stranger show them love.	So, do you do treasure hunting often?
So, do you do treasure hunting often?	I did more when I was in grad school (and had more time). I would usually go with friends. For a while I would go to the farmers market in Santa Cruz every week and try to feel if there is something I am supposed to tell a stranger. Usually, they are vague hope-filled messages, but it's weird when I blurt out something oddly specific.
I did more when I was in grad school (and had more time). I would usually go with friends. For a while I would go to the farmers market in Santa Cruz every week and try to feel if there is something I am supposed to tell a stranger. Usually, they are vague hope-filled messages, but it's weird when I blurt out something oddly specific.	Hi
Hi	Any plans for the weekend?
Any plans for the weekend?	my friends are gonna visit me this weekend. we might go hiking!
my friends are gonna visit me this weekend. we might go hiking!	That's great! How's the weather over the weekend? I hope its warm.
That's great! How's the weather over the weekend? I hope its warm.	Should be very sunny! you?
Should be very sunny! you?	Cool! very depressing plans ... stay home and work  I have a project deadline very close.
Cool! very depressing plans ... stay home and work  I have a project deadline very close.	 hope you get your work done very soon! a bug free weekend!
 hope you get your work done very soon! a bug free weekend!	Right, very anxious! where do you plan to go for a hike?
Right, very anxious! where do you plan to go for a hike?	I am going to Diablo!
I am going to Diablo!	Nice, where is that place? I haven't been there
Nice, where is that place? I haven't been there	hours drive from here. still in bay area
hours drive from here. still in bay area	That's cool! How long is the hike?
That's cool! How long is the hike?	Actually no idea, but it will take the entire day for that.
Actually no idea, but it will take the entire day for that.	nice! sounds fun!
nice! sounds fun!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey there! What's up???
Hey there! What's up???	Nothing much, how you doin?
Nothing much, how you doin?	I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D
I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	The last time in New York, back in June.
The last time in New York, back in June.	Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently
Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?
Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?
Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!
Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	I'd love to try! Can we schedule something for next week?
I'd love to try! Can we schedule something for next week?	Sure! What does your Saturday look like?
Sure! What does your Saturday look like?	Saturday looks pretty good, shall we shoot for something in the morning?
Saturday looks pretty good, shall we shoot for something in the morning?	Hi!
Hi!	hey
hey	is it raining pretty bad today?
is it raining pretty bad today?	yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options
yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options	surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy
surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy	yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here 
yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here 	Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...
Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...	yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down
yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down	Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms	yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here
yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here	people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area
people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area	it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire
it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire	hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?
hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?	nope, what does it say?
nope, what does it say?	they were talking about how AI is helping climate change. Nice use of upcoming tech.
they were talking about how AI is helping climate change. Nice use of upcoming tech.	Hi.
Hi.	Helloooooo!
Helloooooo!	How are you? How is your day?
How are you? How is your day?	Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?
Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?	I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.
I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.	So what's your outlook? Something blue?
So what's your outlook? Something blue?	Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?
Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?	You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early.
You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early.	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?	I'm a bit sad. I miss my cat.
I'm a bit sad. I miss my cat.	Oh no Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!
Oh no Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!	Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?
Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?	Yea, I know they love the plastic bag sound all the time. I am good, nothing special though.
Yea, I know they love the plastic bag sound all the time. I am good, nothing special though.	If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?	I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.	I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.
I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.	I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)	I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.
I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.	I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.	If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions
If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions	That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.
That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.	Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!	Oops. I won't do it again. Ha
Oops. I won't do it again. Ha	Hi!
Hi!	Hey sup
Hey sup	not much. any plans this weekend?
not much. any plans this weekend?	I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?
I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	ziplining?
ziplining?	that's the one! have you ever tried it?
that's the one! have you ever tried it?	i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience
i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	where did you do it?
where did you do it?	i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you
that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	sure. are you just going home now?
sure. are you just going home now?	no, i'm going to get a massage first
no, i'm going to get a massage first	nice. what type?
nice. what type?	traditional kind
traditional kind	yeah I want to get one too soon
yeah I want to get one too soon	you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	ttyl!
ttyl!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello, have you seen any good movies lately?
Hello, have you seen any good movies lately?	I watched a few lately, but nothing is as good as Avatar. what's your favorite?
I watched a few lately, but nothing is as good as Avatar. what's your favorite?	I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies
I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies	it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature
it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature	That sounds really cool! I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!
That sounds really cool! I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!	yea. what else do you like to do beside movies?
yea. what else do you like to do beside movies?	I enjoy baking cookies. I am on a quest to bake the best chocolate chip cookie  What about you?
I enjoy baking cookies. I am on a quest to bake the best chocolate chip cookie  What about you?	I enjoy eating 
I enjoy eating 	so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie
so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie	I will have to bake some soon and let you know. What types of food do you like to eat?
I will have to bake some soon and let you know. What types of food do you like to eat?	thanks! I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)
thanks! I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)	Noodle soup is delicious! Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?
Noodle soup is delicious! Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?	I prefer to go out. I'm not a good cook haha
I prefer to go out. I'm not a good cook haha	Same! Even though I bake, I cannot cook
Same! Even though I bake, I cannot cook	seems like we share a thing in common, yay!
seems like we share a thing in common, yay!	Hi!
Hi!	Good afternoon!
Good afternoon!	How has your week been?
How has your week been?	So far so good. It is holiday season. So just chilling
So far so good. It is holiday season. So just chilling	I think I'm getting sick with a cold  So you should chill on my behalf too cause I'm out the game for all of December.
I think I'm getting sick with a cold  So you should chill on my behalf too cause I'm out the game for all of December.	lol Sorry to hear that. Are you planning anything fun for December?
lol Sorry to hear that. Are you planning anything fun for December?	Nothing exciting. I'll be posted up at home for the most part. I did a lot of travelling this year so my budget would have stopped me even if I wasn't sick.
Nothing exciting. I'll be posted up at home for the most part. I did a lot of travelling this year so my budget would have stopped me even if I wasn't sick.	
	Do you have big plans?
Do you have big plans?	Yes! I am going to Hawaii! This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.
Yes! I am going to Hawaii! This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.	I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.
I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.	lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.
lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.	Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.
Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.	
	Hi!
Hi!	Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	Are you doing any home decorating then?
Are you doing any home decorating then?	Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?
I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.
Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.	Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
Great, I hope you find a nice tree.	Hi!
Hi!	Hey
Hey	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	pretty good. yours?
pretty good. yours?	Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..	oh what happened?
oh what happened?	Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')	hahah wait for real?
hahah wait for real?	I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?	No I'm not in school anymore
No I'm not in school anymore	Oh I see. What do you do?
Oh I see. What do you do?	I train and compete in horse vaulting
I train and compete in horse vaulting	Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?	lol you're too funny
lol you're too funny	Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?	Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything	Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?
Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?	Yeah some. enough to get by
Yeah some. enough to get by	Hi!
Hi!	Hello
Hello	Do you have a favourite flower?
Do you have a favourite flower?	hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?
Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	yes
yes	Cool. Step 2
Cool. Step 2	Hehe, i think you should publish this someday :)
Hehe, i think you should publish this someday :)	Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!
Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey how's it going
Hey how's it going	It's good it's good. How are you?
It's good it's good. How are you?	good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool
good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool	Oh nice! Where do you live?
Oh nice! Where do you live?	I live in Tokyo, Japan
I live in Tokyo, Japan	Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....
Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....	oh have you been?
oh have you been?	Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!
Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!	what did you do here?
what did you do here?	Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha
Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha	lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?
lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?	The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!
The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!	oh neat. I haven't heard about that robot fighting show. where is that??
oh neat. I haven't heard about that robot fighting show. where is that??	I don't really remember what part of town it was in. It was pretty cool though - I'm sure you can find it if you google "giant robot fighting show tokyo" haha
I don't really remember what part of town it was in. It was pretty cool though - I'm sure you can find it if you google "giant robot fighting show tokyo" haha	lol ok
lol ok	Hi!
Hi!	Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you seen any good movies lately?	Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?
Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	No. Why did you pick that movie?
No. Why did you pick that movie?	My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?
My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.
I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!
Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol
Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	lol Are you a big Marvel fan?
lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?
I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha
I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.
Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha
Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome 
Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome 	Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	He's the adopted brother of Thor, God of thunder, and is burdened with glorious purpose. Do you feel that burden?
He's the adopted brother of Thor, God of thunder, and is burdened with glorious purpose. Do you feel that burden?	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, what's up?
Hey, what's up?	Just chillin'. how are you?
Just chillin'. how are you?	I'm pretty good, thanks.
I'm pretty good, thanks.	Do anything interesting today?
Do anything interesting today?	I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?
I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?	Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!
Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!	Oh my gosh. What was it like??
Oh my gosh. What was it like??	It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?
It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?	No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.
No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.	Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?
Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?	No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.
No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.	Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha
Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha	Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?
Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?	Maybe not so much at the time, but I am glad I did it now that it's done, know what I mean?
Maybe not so much at the time, but I am glad I did it now that it's done, know what I mean?	I think I sort of understand :)
I think I sort of understand :)	Hi!
Hi!	hello there, how is it going?
hello there, how is it going?	All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?
All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?	I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.
I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.	oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation
oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation	yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?
yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?	I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.
I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.	staying at home is always nice during the holidays
staying at home is always nice during the holidays	Where are you based out of these days?
Where are you based out of these days?	I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?
I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?	San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks
San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks	aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!
aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!	The flu has been hitting hard as well. I had several folks in the house down at one point.
The flu has been hitting hard as well. I had several folks in the house down at one point.	that's really sad. are they feeling any better?
that's really sad. are they feeling any better?	Yes, everyone recovered now
Yes, everyone recovered now	Hi!
Hi!	Hello
Hello	How's it going?
How's it going?	Extremely busy. I have been trying to prepare for the upcoming holidays. How about you?
Extremely busy. I have been trying to prepare for the upcoming holidays. How about you?	I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!
I'm going to the bahamas. Can't wait!!!	I'm jealous, take me with you!! I would love to have some warm weather right now
I'm jealous, take me with you!! I would love to have some warm weather right now	oh where are you now?
oh where are you now?	Canada. There is another major snowstorm that might hit this weekend so I have been rushing to get everything done before it comes.
Canada. There is another major snowstorm that might hit this weekend so I have been rushing to get everything done before it comes.	oh no. I never seen this in person. Is it scary?
oh no. I never seen this in person. Is it scary?	Snow is not scary as long as you're prepared. You just need to be ready to not have electricity for a while. I enjoy the aftermath of a good snowstorm because then you can go sledding or skiing.
Snow is not scary as long as you're prepared. You just need to be ready to not have electricity for a while. I enjoy the aftermath of a good snowstorm because then you can go sledding or skiing.	that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?
that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?	I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?
I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?	nice nice. I'm gonna go snorkeling yey
nice nice. I'm gonna go snorkeling yey	Sounds fun! I wish I knew how to swim!
Sounds fun! I wish I knew how to swim!	You can stay on the shallow side I think. Well hope you enjoy time with your extended family!
You can stay on the shallow side I think. Well hope you enjoy time with your extended family!	That's true. You too, have a great time snorkeling!
That's true. You too, have a great time snorkeling!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi! How was your weekend?
Hi! How was your weekend?	pretty good. just went to church and hangout with friends
pretty good. just went to church and hangout with friends	Nice
Nice	did you do anything?
did you do anything?	I made donuts and samosas with an air fryer have you used one of those before
I made donuts and samosas with an air fryer have you used one of those before	yum yum yum no only good old oily frier
yum yum yum no only good old oily frier	haha
haha	do you have one at your home or were you at a friends place?
do you have one at your home or were you at a friends place?	I was at my parents' place what are you up to for Thanksgiving?
I was at my parents' place what are you up to for Thanksgiving?	I'm going to impersonate a pumpkin
I'm going to impersonate a pumpkin	wow, those are unique plans
wow, those are unique plans	I'm pretty unique person
I'm pretty unique person	I think so too
I think so too	any other hobbies besides air frying everything? 
any other hobbies besides air frying everything? 	I want to start fermenting things kimchi for example sounds like a fun thing to ferment takes a few days apparently miso takes a couple years to fermen
I want to start fermenting things kimchi for example sounds like a fun thing to ferment takes a few days apparently miso takes a couple years to fermen	Hi!
Hi!	heya, nice to meet you, I'm Paul
heya, nice to meet you, I'm Paul	nice to meet you too! I'm James. how are you doing today?
nice to meet you too! I'm James. how are you doing today?	I'm doing OK. Looking forwards to the weekend. how about you?
I'm doing OK. Looking forwards to the weekend. how about you?	same here! I hope the weather will be nice
same here! I hope the weather will be nice	oh yeah, but I don't have my hopes too high, I heard there could be a storm coming our way
oh yeah, but I don't have my hopes too high, I heard there could be a storm coming our way	oh no, which areas will be affected?
oh no, which areas will be affected?	they mentioned that the whole city will experience harsh weather and that people in the outskirts will probably not get much rain and wind
they mentioned that the whole city will experience harsh weather and that people in the outskirts will probably not get much rain and wind	uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside 
uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside 	yeah, it'll be good weather for staying inside with a cup of hot chocolate. Too bad my street usually floods, so I'll have to check for that
yeah, it'll be good weather for staying inside with a cup of hot chocolate. Too bad my street usually floods, so I'll have to check for that	yea, you'd better check. where do you live?
yea, you'd better check. where do you live?	I live at the bottom of the valley, cheap area but we do get affected by this kind of stuff a lot haha
I live at the bottom of the valley, cheap area but we do get affected by this kind of stuff a lot haha	gotcha. anything you love about where you live?
gotcha. anything you love about where you live?	well, the food around the area is amazing, which is definitely a plus.
well, the food around the area is amazing, which is definitely a plus.	nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times
nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times	Hi!
Hi!	hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with 
hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with 	I am the superman! What about you?
I am the superman! What about you?	haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?
haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?	Being invisible. You won't see me.
Being invisible. You won't see me.	haha. what else can you do? can you read minds?
haha. what else can you do? can you read minds?	I would rather trust fMRI and machine learning to do this. I am not an expert on that. Sorry for it!
I would rather trust fMRI and machine learning to do this. I am not an expert on that. Sorry for it!	wow that seems pretty technical. what does fMRI mean?
wow that seems pretty technical. what does fMRI mean?	The brain imaging thing that can tell you a brain's activity at a pretty high resolution.
The brain imaging thing that can tell you a brain's activity at a pretty high resolution.	okay! so you seem to like science a lot?
okay! so you seem to like science a lot?	I believe in Science! Science is my god!
I believe in Science! Science is my god!	Are you also doing science?
Are you also doing science?	no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?
no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?	People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.
People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.	Does it make sense?
Does it make sense?	I think so. thanks for your point!
I think so. thanks for your point!	Hello, Nice to meet you
Hello, Nice to meet you	If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha
I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	I love ice cream too!
I love ice cream too!	Okay, top three flavors?
Okay, top three flavors?	I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries	Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?
Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	I went to a seance once in college. They had a ouija board. I can't remember if we actually contacted the spirit world because I had a bit too much to drink.
I went to a seance once in college. They had a ouija board. I can't remember if we actually contacted the spirit world because I had a bit too much to drink.	Haha.. that's a cool experience. I went to a Hindu retreat before, a number of Buddhist temples, and hung out with Christian Mystics in Santa Cruz before.
Haha.. that's a cool experience. I went to a Hindu retreat before, a number of Buddhist temples, and hung out with Christian Mystics in Santa Cruz before.	Hi!
Hi!	Hi, how are you doing!
Hi, how are you doing!	I'm doing well. what are you up to?
I'm doing well. what are you up to?	Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%
Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%	wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago
wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago	lol doesn't it bother you at all
lol doesn't it bother you at all	yea, a little bit, but it's okay  what do you enjoy doing outside work?
yea, a little bit, but it's okay  what do you enjoy doing outside work?	Well, movie? I watched Terminator last night. It was a nice movie
Well, movie? I watched Terminator last night. It was a nice movie	ah cool. so you like action movies?
ah cool. so you like action movies?	Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends  It was touching at the end of the movie
Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends  It was touching at the end of the movie	what happened there? I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one
what happened there? I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one	Are you sure you want the spoiler 
Are you sure you want the spoiler 	haha sure. by the time, I get to it; I will forget the details, only knowing that it's touching at the end
haha sure. by the time, I get to it; I will forget the details, only knowing that it's touching at the end	 well someone died at the end Or some robots, to be more accurate 
 well someone died at the end Or some robots, to be more accurate 	oh no, so it's not happy ending?
oh no, so it's not happy ending?	The leading character is still alive and the bad robots was killed too. So I guess it is happy ending
The leading character is still alive and the bad robots was killed too. So I guess it is happy ending	then I want to watch it! you didn't spoil much 
then I want to watch it! you didn't spoil much 	Nice! Hope you enjoy it!
Nice! Hope you enjoy it!	Thanks!
Thanks!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?	doing great! what are you looking forward to?
doing great! what are you looking forward to?	thanksgiving holidays 
thanksgiving holidays 	yay! Turkey and shopping!
yay! Turkey and shopping!	not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry
not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry	yea me too. I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha
yea me too. I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha	yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey. Not sure how the turkey tradition started
yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey. Not sure how the turkey tradition started	me neither. someone told me that it depends on the stuffing inside the Turkey. some people make very good stuffing
me neither. someone told me that it depends on the stuffing inside the Turkey. some people make very good stuffing	yeah, that and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year
yeah, that and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year	yea. what do you plan to buy?
yea. what do you plan to buy?	thinking of getting a fitbit
thinking of getting a fitbit	ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)
ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)	yeah, just keeping calories in check
yeah, just keeping calories in check	yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi there  How's your day so far?
Hi there  How's your day so far?	doing well. what are you up to?
doing well. what are you up to?	busy busy! I've had back-to-back meetings all day
busy busy! I've had back-to-back meetings all day	same here. what do you love to do beside meetings? 
same here. what do you love to do beside meetings? 	well I've gotten really into yoga lately. I went to a class today and it was super hard
well I've gotten really into yoga lately. I went to a class today and it was super hard	aww .. I hope things will get less hard and you become an expert in it! I heard many great things about Yoga
aww .. I hope things will get less hard and you become an expert in it! I heard many great things about Yoga	yeah the teacher seems super awesome so I will definitely keep trying what activities do you enjoy?
yeah the teacher seems super awesome so I will definitely keep trying what activities do you enjoy?	ah I enjoy playing soccer and tennis  unfortunately, winter is not the best time for those 
ah I enjoy playing soccer and tennis  unfortunately, winter is not the best time for those 	oh that's too bad. Is it hard to find a place to play soccer or tennis indoors?
oh that's too bad. Is it hard to find a place to play soccer or tennis indoors?	yea. I enjoy playing outside though, just a little cold  what else do you do beside Yoga?
yea. I enjoy playing outside though, just a little cold  what else do you do beside Yoga?	I also like to sing, I perform with a group sometimes. Do you like music?
I also like to sing, I perform with a group sometimes. Do you like music?	yea definitely! I love singing Karaoke. my wife is a pianist 
yea definitely! I love singing Karaoke. my wife is a pianist 	haha that's awesome! Karaoke is really fun, I do it with my friends sometimes
haha that's awesome! Karaoke is really fun, I do it with my friends sometimes	awesome. glad to find something in common!
awesome. glad to find something in common!	Hi!
Hi!	hey there
hey there	hey anything new?
hey anything new?	not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!
not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!	any plans?
any plans?	yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited
yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited	that's awesome! I never been!
that's awesome! I never been!	Oh man I would highly recommend it
Oh man I would highly recommend it	Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?
Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?	that's a great question, and I'm definitely both. this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing
that's a great question, and I'm definitely both. this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing	I'm a food person I think. Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
I'm a food person I think. Any specific foods you're planning on trying?	there's a taco place that I've visited before that I can't wait to go back to. Do you like tacos?
there's a taco place that I've visited before that I can't wait to go back to. Do you like tacos?	yeah my favorite is taco fish
yeah my favorite is taco fish	ooh that is a good choice. Have you ever made them yourself?
ooh that is a good choice. Have you ever made them yourself?	no. only eat them 
no. only eat them 	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you 
Hey, how are you 	I am good. How are you? 
I am good. How are you? 	Doing well, lot of work though. How was your day?
Doing well, lot of work though. How was your day?	I am busy. A lot of work. What are you working on?
I am busy. A lot of work. What are you working on?	Just reading latest research. There is so much to cover. how about you?
Just reading latest research. There is so much to cover. how about you?	I am working on a new classifier.
I am working on a new classifier.	ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier
ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier	A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?
A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?	You're so cool. Making world a better place. I'm mostly into NLP. What do you do when not making classifiers?
You're so cool. Making world a better place. I'm mostly into NLP. What do you do when not making classifiers?	Nice! Do you refer to work or anything else?
Nice! Do you refer to work or anything else?	Anything in general. You're so cool, I want to know more about you 
Anything in general. You're so cool, I want to know more about you 	You are very cool too!!
You are very cool too!!	Hi!
Hi!	hello there! who are you?
hello there! who are you?	I'm mark. I work in accounting
I'm mark. I work in accounting	Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Tom and I work as a fish groomer.
Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Tom and I work as a fish groomer.	what does a fish groomer do?
what does a fish groomer do?	well, we take care of people's fish. Make sure they are happy, polish their scales, clean their tanks, the usual stuff.
well, we take care of people's fish. Make sure they are happy, polish their scales, clean their tanks, the usual stuff.	interesting. what's type of fish do you take care of?
interesting. what's type of fish do you take care of?	any type of fish! We have clients with guppies, goldfish, even a small sailfish once what do you do in accounting?
any type of fish! We have clients with guppies, goldfish, even a small sailfish once what do you do in accounting?	I balance the books and do financial analysis for a medium sized company
I balance the books and do financial analysis for a medium sized company	that sounds like a lot of work. do you like it?
that sounds like a lot of work. do you like it?	well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard
well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard	photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!
photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!	thank you Tom!! I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online
thank you Tom!! I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online	that's great! I wish you good luck with that
that's great! I wish you good luck with that	Thanks! Bye
Thanks! Bye	Hi!
Hi!	Hey there how's it going
Hey there how's it going	All good, you?
All good, you?	Good. I've been trying to learn how to swim
Good. I've been trying to learn how to swim	How has that been going?
How has that been going?	Not great, but I got really good at sort of swimming on my back haha
Not great, but I got really good at sort of swimming on my back haha	that's too bad hopefully with practice it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha
that's too bad hopefully with practice it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha	haha what's that
haha what's that	Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>
Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>	ouch. do you think that hurts?
ouch. do you think that hurts?	from a high enough distance, yes?
from a high enough distance, yes?	yeah. any vacation plans?
yeah. any vacation plans?	no so far sadly you? a relative is coming to visit for thanksgiving though
no so far sadly you? a relative is coming to visit for thanksgiving though	just going to hang out around here and eat Turkey
just going to hang out around here and eat Turkey	that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?
that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?	yeah. I'm gonna watch a video to figure it out
yeah. I'm gonna watch a video to figure it out	Hi!
Hi!	Hello, how are you?
Hello, how are you?	I'm great, thanks. I just ate a delicious breakfast, which always sets the day up right.
I'm great, thanks. I just ate a delicious breakfast, which always sets the day up right.	Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! What did you have? I woke up late so unfortunately I only had the chance to grab an apple to go.
Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! What did you have? I woke up late so unfortunately I only had the chance to grab an apple to go.	I had eggs and hash browns. Way less healthier than your apple, I'm afraid!
I had eggs and hash browns. Way less healthier than your apple, I'm afraid!	Eggs are an excellent source of protein and hash browns certainly are yummy! 
Eggs are an excellent source of protein and hash browns certainly are yummy! 	Ha, that's true. If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
Ha, that's true. If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?	That's a tough question. I feel like my answer would have to be carrots. Although, I would be afraid of turning orange after a few weeks! What about you?
That's a tough question. I feel like my answer would have to be carrots. Although, I would be afraid of turning orange after a few weeks! What about you?	Yeah, turning orange would be a drawback! That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question. I'm in a muddle!
Yeah, turning orange would be a drawback! That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question. I'm in a muddle!	Very true. If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day
Very true. If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day	BRILLIANT. I love it.
BRILLIANT. I love it.	All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?
All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?	That depends. What sort of food do you feel like?
That depends. What sort of food do you feel like?	Anything that is the color green.
Anything that is the color green.	Oh, too easy! Try the Green Hut, they have franchises everywhere. All their food is green and the plates are green too.
Oh, too easy! Try the Green Hut, they have franchises everywhere. All their food is green and the plates are green too.	Hi!
Hi!	Hello! How are you doing 
Hello! How are you doing 	I'm great! How's your day going?
I'm great! How's your day going?	Pretty good! I'm going to a class later in the afternoon
Pretty good! I'm going to a class later in the afternoon	Oh that is cool! What class? Are you working part time?
Oh that is cool! What class? Are you working part time?	No, I'm working full time! It's a sewing class at a makerspace near my office What about you? Do you work full or part time?
No, I'm working full time! It's a sewing class at a makerspace near my office What about you? Do you work full or part time?	Oh that is awesome! For some reason I assumed it was a college class, but a sewing class sounds way better! I work full time, but I take pottery classes from time to time!
Oh that is awesome! For some reason I assumed it was a college class, but a sewing class sounds way better! I work full time, but I take pottery classes from time to time!	Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then  Pottery sounds like a lot of fun
Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then  Pottery sounds like a lot of fun	I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.
I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.	Any plans to build a custom tea set? My family is also very into tea Mostly from tea from china
Any plans to build a custom tea set? My family is also very into tea Mostly from tea from china	I would love to build one, once I acquire the skills to! What kind of tea is your favorite?
I would love to build one, once I acquire the skills to! What kind of tea is your favorite?	I really enjoy barley tea What about you?
I really enjoy barley tea What about you?	Ahh, those are mostly from japan, no? I like white teas, like silver needle.
Ahh, those are mostly from japan, no? I like white teas, like silver needle.	Hmm I'm not sure, I just get them from a Chinese supermarket haha You seem really knowledgeable about the different kinds of teas  What made you develop this interest?
Hmm I'm not sure, I just get them from a Chinese supermarket haha You seem really knowledgeable about the different kinds of teas  What made you develop this interest?	I actually found a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> that I like a lot. You should check it out! The host talks about all kinds of different teas.
I actually found a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> that I like a lot. You should check it out! The host talks about all kinds of different teas.	Oh cool! What are your favorite channels to watch?
Oh cool! What are your favorite channels to watch?	Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?
Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?	Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.
Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.	lol it is really like a robot answer
lol it is really like a robot answer	I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate <REDACTED_TERM> does?
I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate <REDACTED_TERM> does?	ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?
ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?	Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)
Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)	I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?
I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?	If I continue to pretend to be a robot, I would probably say I talk to myself the most. I am trying to talk to computers more, but you know, computers don't like me.
If I continue to pretend to be a robot, I would probably say I talk to myself the most. I am trying to talk to computers more, but you know, computers don't like me.	What's your favorite computer language then 
What's your favorite computer language then 	You mean programming language?
You mean programming language?	Yes!
Yes!	I used to be a Java advocate. But you know, it doesn't do a good job in the AI days. It really makes me sad.
I used to be a Java advocate. But you know, it doesn't do a good job in the AI days. It really makes me sad.	lol
lol	Hi!
Hi!	Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	Hehe! How long was the stay?
Hehe! How long was the stay?	10 days in total, and 5 of them were spent in the cave. What have I missed at work in those days?
10 days in total, and 5 of them were spent in the cave. What have I missed at work in those days?	Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.
Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.	Oh, so you are already planning for the next quarter. This whole team is always living the future.
Oh, so you are already planning for the next quarter. This whole team is always living the future.	Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts  I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.
Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts  I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.	Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.
Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.	True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?	Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?
Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?	Okay. See tomorrow then.
Okay. See tomorrow then.	see you!
see you!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello
Hello	Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?
Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?	Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?
Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?	I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?
I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?	Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.
Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.	That sounds like a perfect plan!
That sounds like a perfect plan!	Sure, which cafe do you prefer?
Sure, which cafe do you prefer?	Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?
Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?	Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.
Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.	We can check the menu then decide :)
We can check the menu then decide :)	Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.
Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.	Sure. See you then!
Sure. See you then!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello. How's your week coming along?
Hello. How's your week coming along?	It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	Ah, good thought, thanks!
Ah, good thought, thanks!	Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	Yes. When my top favorite food looks like
Yes. When my top favorite food looks like	Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.	Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.
Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.	Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy stomach upsets.
Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy stomach upsets.	Interesting. I heard about the sweet substitute in a program called the Keto diet. Basically, we try to limit our sugar intake every day. Successful Keto dieters have recommended the <REDACTED_TERM> ice cream to fill their insatiable crave for sugar.
Interesting. I heard about the sweet substitute in a program called the Keto diet. Basically, we try to limit our sugar intake every day. Successful Keto dieters have recommended the <REDACTED_TERM> ice cream to fill their insatiable crave for sugar.	Ah, maybe that's the solution I need to enjoy sweets and not feel guilty 
Ah, maybe that's the solution I need to enjoy sweets and not feel guilty 	Hi!
Hi!	Hello! tell me something about the holiday season?
Hello! tell me something about the holiday season?	Are you talking about thanksgiving? I plan to do plenty of shopping here. Do you have any plans?
Are you talking about thanksgiving? I plan to do plenty of shopping here. Do you have any plans?	Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food. yay for pumpkin pie
Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food. yay for pumpkin pie	Sounds great! you need not wait for thanksgiving for pumpkin pie 
Sounds great! you need not wait for thanksgiving for pumpkin pie 	LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P
LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P	True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P
True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P	My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine  do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year
My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine  do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year	Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)
Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)	Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?
Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?	Like everything that has a discount tag! .. kidding! I normally do some research for the prices, and mostly buy clothes and electronics.
Like everything that has a discount tag! .. kidding! I normally do some research for the prices, and mostly buy clothes and electronics.	What's the best holiday deal you've found in the past?
What's the best holiday deal you've found in the past?	I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you 
I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you 	hit me with it!
hit me with it!	Hehe, sure! I can share some links with you later.
Hehe, sure! I can share some links with you later.	Hi!
Hi!	How's it going?
How's it going?	I'm so sleepy today!
I'm so sleepy today!	Not enough sleep last night?
Not enough sleep last night?	yeah was working all night on a homework
yeah was working all night on a homework	Oh really? What class?
Oh really? What class?	Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha
Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?
Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	no high school actually haha
no high school actually haha	haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?
haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	I wanna be a brain surgeon!!
I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?
Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	Kind of I think
Kind of I think	I guess I can practice?
I guess I can practice?	Is that something you can practice?
Is that something you can practice?	I don't know tbh
I don't know tbh	I honestly thought it was one of those things you have to be born with... Not that you shouldn't try though!
I honestly thought it was one of those things you have to be born with... Not that you shouldn't try though!	good point. I should ask my teacher if I have to be born with that
good point. I should ask my teacher if I have to be born with that	Maybe its a little too early to even be thinking about this. Just aim for med school and enjoy the journey!
Maybe its a little too early to even be thinking about this. Just aim for med school and enjoy the journey!	yeah
yeah	What other subjects do you enjoy? Try to keep an open mind!
What other subjects do you enjoy? Try to keep an open mind!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.
Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?
Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?
Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	Yes
Yes	Where to?
Where to?	Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	WOW. Which island? I like Hawaii.
WOW. Which island? I like Hawaii.	Mauii...Hope I like it too. Never been there before.
Mauii...Hope I like it too. Never been there before.	I visited Maui. It's my second favourite island I've been to, globally. You should try driving on road to Hana. It's a whole day thing but it's worth it.
I visited Maui. It's my second favourite island I've been to, globally. You should try driving on road to Hana. It's a whole day thing but it's worth it.	Awesome! Thanks for the tip.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip.	Hi!
Hi!	Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?
Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?
I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	I just got a matcha latte  Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity
I just got a matcha latte  Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?
Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise
I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?
I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?
Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.
I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	What do you do in your free time?
What do you do in your free time?	I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.
I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too  My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.
Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too  My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	What's the most recent good thing you read?
What's the most recent good thing you read?	My recent favorites have been mostly sci-fi (Exhalations, Vita Nostra and Dark Matter) but I like a lot of Sanderson/Garth Nix fantasy books
My recent favorites have been mostly sci-fi (Exhalations, Vita Nostra and Dark Matter) but I like a lot of Sanderson/Garth Nix fantasy books	Hi!
Hi!	hey, what's up?
hey, what's up?	What do you think about human like chat bots?
What do you think about human like chat bots?	I can't wait for them to be great conversationalists!
I can't wait for them to be great conversationalists!	Yep, we seemed to have made some great progress over last few years. Do you think the positives outweigh the negatives
Yep, we seemed to have made some great progress over last few years. Do you think the positives outweigh the negatives	are there even any negatives? what are they?
are there even any negatives? what are they?	Like impersorsination? Though it sounds far fetched :)
Like impersorsination? Though it sounds far fetched :)	People can already impersonate other people though! I think it'd be great to have bots to converse with
People can already impersonate other people though! I think it'd be great to have bots to converse with	True that! Some of these bots are very engaging and funny. They are now good at even sarcasm I wonder how far are we from the time these bots start giving monologues :)
True that! Some of these bots are very engaging and funny. They are now good at even sarcasm I wonder how far are we from the time these bots start giving monologues :)	What do you think are the big advantages? Like personal assistants?
What do you think are the big advantages? Like personal assistants?	I think it can take many different forms as a product. The research implication is also huge! It will signify how AI research has progressed so far and better place to tackle more futuristic problems  Sort of like stepping on the moon  I might be overselling it here 
I think it can take many different forms as a product. The research implication is also huge! It will signify how AI research has progressed so far and better place to tackle more futuristic problems  Sort of like stepping on the moon  I might be overselling it here 	No, I agree -- it's such an exciting time to be alive to get to witness all this and be a part of it. I wonder if I'll be able someday to get a chatbot to just auto-suggest conversations for me
No, I agree -- it's such an exciting time to be alive to get to witness all this and be a part of it. I wonder if I'll be able someday to get a chatbot to just auto-suggest conversations for me	The current auto-suggestions already do pretty good 
The current auto-suggestions already do pretty good 	Yeah those are actually really good for a few words! I'm imagining like it comes up with a whole conversational response, like a default template
Yeah those are actually really good for a few words! I'm imagining like it comes up with a whole conversational response, like a default template	haha, pretty far fetched  Nice having this conversation with you!
haha, pretty far fetched  Nice having this conversation with you!	Same with you!
Same with you!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi!
Hi!	Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?	Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.
Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.	That sounds amazing. I want to learn how to ski but I feel like I'm too old and falls would have lifelong impacts. Are you going with friends?
That sounds amazing. I want to learn how to ski but I feel like I'm too old and falls would have lifelong impacts. Are you going with friends?	Hi!
Hi!	Hi 
Hi 	I just came back from work. so tired
I just came back from work. so tired	Oh I am sorry to hear! What did you work on?
Oh I am sorry to hear! What did you work on?	I'm a lawyer. so talking to clients most of the day
I'm a lawyer. so talking to clients most of the day	Oh you are a lawyer. I've been so interested in this profession.
Oh you are a lawyer. I've been so interested in this profession.	really? why?
really? why?	it's so stressful 
it's so stressful 	It is so different from what I am doing to earn a life
It is so different from what I am doing to earn a life	what do you do?
what do you do?	I am a painter
I am a painter	oh wow what type of paintings do you do?
oh wow what type of paintings do you do?	I do oil painting.
I do oil painting.	nice. like of people or nature or something else?
nice. like of people or nature or something else?	I do a lot of different kinds
I do a lot of different kinds	cool I wanna see it someday
cool I wanna see it someday	Sure! No problem!
Sure! No problem!	Hi!
Hi!	Do you believe in miracles?
Do you believe in miracles?	Lol. No. I know too many people whose lives suck.
Lol. No. I know too many people whose lives suck.	Should we be helping them, so it sucks less?\
Should we be helping them, so it sucks less?\	It's too many of them out there. You help who you can. Regardless, I wouldn't say I believe in miracles - well, if I got promoted next cycle I might change my mind.
It's too many of them out there. You help who you can. Regardless, I wouldn't say I believe in miracles - well, if I got promoted next cycle I might change my mind.	Haha... Well, it sounds like career is really important to you. What matters to you the most in life?
Haha... Well, it sounds like career is really important to you. What matters to you the most in life?	Right now, not much. It's unclear. Career is a good fallback because you get told what good means and you act accordingly. I haven't gone through the process of shaping my values. What about you?
Right now, not much. It's unclear. Career is a good fallback because you get told what good means and you act accordingly. I haven't gone through the process of shaping my values. What about you?	I'd say that I want to live for the best possible world in my lifetime. It's probably a result of my playing too many video games as a child.
I'd say that I want to live for the best possible world in my lifetime. It's probably a result of my playing too many video games as a child.	We didn't have electricity growing up. Explains a lot. Lol.
We didn't have electricity growing up. Explains a lot. Lol.	Does not having had electricity help you empathize more with people of differing backgrounds and/or makes you feel a bit a distance from those who don't understand?
Does not having had electricity help you empathize more with people of differing backgrounds and/or makes you feel a bit a distance from those who don't understand?	It makes it easier to empathise with people who grew up lacking things. Not sure it makes me empathise with people in general. Where did you grow up?
It makes it easier to empathise with people who grew up lacking things. Not sure it makes me empathise with people in general. Where did you grow up?	I grew up in the United States, but my parents were immigrants and ended up being scammed of all their money, so we moved to Taiwan to live with family for a little bit.
I grew up in the United States, but my parents were immigrants and ended up being scammed of all their money, so we moved to Taiwan to live with family for a little bit.	ALL THEIR MONEY? By a person or an organisation?
ALL THEIR MONEY? By a person or an organisation?	I was kind of too young to really understand, but apparently there are people who scam Asian immigrants into investing in their own restaurant business. I know that the other part of it was that my mom got sick/hospitalized, and we didn't have insurance. To be honest, I don't really know what really happened versus what my parents want people to think. I just know that one minute I was in the US, and then they put me on a plane to Taiwan, and I never saw my stuff again. In some ways, it made me more sentimental. Would you say you are more grounded and practical as a result of your background?
I was kind of too young to really understand, but apparently there are people who scam Asian immigrants into investing in their own restaurant business. I know that the other part of it was that my mom got sick/hospitalized, and we didn't have insurance. To be honest, I don't really know what really happened versus what my parents want people to think. I just know that one minute I was in the US, and then they put me on a plane to Taiwan, and I never saw my stuff again. In some ways, it made me more sentimental. Would you say you are more grounded and practical as a result of your background?	Hi!
Hi!	Hello!
Hello!	Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?	Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?	Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?
Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?	Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!
Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!	oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?
oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?	It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.
It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.	I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though  Have you seen Frasier?
I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though  Have you seen Frasier?	Not yet What's it about?
Not yet What's it about?	A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character.
A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character.	Great! how is everything else going? how was your trip last week?
Great! how is everything else going? how was your trip last week?	Everything is ok, had a really nice trip. Visited SF, Grand canyon and Vegas. Was a lot of fun exploring all these new places. Have you been to Grand canyon ?
Everything is ok, had a really nice trip. Visited SF, Grand canyon and Vegas. Was a lot of fun exploring all these new places. Have you been to Grand canyon ?	Actually not yet! May be something i can visit this christmas 
Actually not yet! May be something i can visit this christmas 	You should visit it sometime, it's a wonderful place. Try to drive down there yourself or with a group of friends
You should visit it sometime, it's a wonderful place. Try to drive down there yourself or with a group of friends	True! Well, thanks for your inputs! Have a good rest of the day! :)
True! Well, thanks for your inputs! Have a good rest of the day! :)	Nice talking to you too!
Nice talking to you too!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi there!
Hi there!	are you participating in the mentorship program this cycle?
are you participating in the mentorship program this cycle?	You mean as a mentor or a mentee?
You mean as a mentor or a mentee?	either of them... I find mentorship overall pretty useful
either of them... I find mentorship overall pretty useful	I have done it in the past but not this cycle. What about you?
I have done it in the past but not this cycle. What about you?	I signed up this time to be a mentee. I have got a good mentor .
I signed up this time to be a mentee. I have got a good mentor .	Wow, that is nice of you. For the mentor program, personally I prefer more 1:1 conversations than the group discussions. The group discussion i useful as well but the topics are too general.
Wow, that is nice of you. For the mentor program, personally I prefer more 1:1 conversations than the group discussions. The group discussion i useful as well but the topics are too general.	yeah... I certainly prefer 1:1 as well, but sometimes it good to hear other peer perspective as well.
yeah... I certainly prefer 1:1 as well, but sometimes it good to hear other peer perspective as well.	Thanks for sharing your experience! Now I am thinking maybe I should join as a mentor as well since I enjoyed it as a mentee 
Thanks for sharing your experience! Now I am thinking maybe I should join as a mentor as well since I enjoyed it as a mentee 	Great! What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?
Great! What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?	Hmm, maybe about work life balance 
Hmm, maybe about work life balance 	Very cool. I have been working on my communication skills with my mentor this cycle
Very cool. I have been working on my communication skills with my mentor this cycle	Ah I see. How is it going?
Ah I see. How is it going?	Going good. In the last session, everyone had to actually prepare and give a presentation. Pretty serious stuff 
Going good. In the last session, everyone had to actually prepare and give a presentation. Pretty serious stuff 	Hi!
Hi!	Hey! How are you feeling today?
Hey! How are you feeling today?	Good you?
Good you?	I'm a little scared because I have to cook dinner for some friends tonight.
I'm a little scared because I have to cook dinner for some friends tonight.	where did you meet them?
where did you meet them?	At college, when we were all studying geology.
At college, when we were all studying geology.	cool. have you graduated already?
cool. have you graduated already?	Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.
Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.	neat. what are y'all eating?
neat. what are y'all eating?	I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?
I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?	lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good
lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good	What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?
What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?	ground beef pretty easy
ground beef pretty easy	Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?
Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?	I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it
I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it	I played that in high school once or twice. I liked that it's pretty easy for beginners, unlike, say, squash.
I played that in high school once or twice. I liked that it's pretty easy for beginners, unlike, say, squash.	I never played squash. would love to try
I never played squash. would love to try	Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.
Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.	hi
hi	i was talking to robot all the time:)
i was talking to robot all the time:)	haha. what are you talking about?
haha. what are you talking about?	kpop...
kpop...	ok. who's your favorite group
ok. who's your favorite group	i dont like kpop now
i dont like kpop now	why not?
why not?	im old now
im old now	hahaha
hahaha	what do you like now?
what do you like now?	john mayer:)\
john mayer:)\	I think I know him. does he have a sort of mellow style?
I think I know him. does he have a sort of mellow style?	what is mellow style
what is mellow style	I think it's like a bit sad and slow
I think it's like a bit sad and slow	umm yes he has some but not all
umm yes he has some but not all	you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?
you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?	yes I do. you act like a robot how about me? am I like a robot?
yes I do. you act like a robot how about me? am I like a robot?	a little bit haha
a little bit haha	Hi!
Hi!	Hi
Hi	Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.
Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	Sure, whats the scenario?
Sure, whats the scenario?	My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.
My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	That's a tough scenario to be in  I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.
That's a tough scenario to be in  I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.
I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.
True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?
AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.
Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.
People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you 
Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you 	Lol. I'm finna be single.
Lol. I'm finna be single.	Hehe, everyone is much finer being single 
Hehe, everyone is much finer being single 	Hi!
Hi!	Hello there!
Hello there!	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	I've seen better days, how about you?
I've seen better days, how about you?	I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?
The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?
I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	Was thinking the same, where does your family live?
Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	They're in New York. How about yours?
They're in New York. How about yours?	Mine is in India, it is a long way away.
Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	Ahh what city? I've visited India before.
Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?
Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	It varies, but can go till 30C in the winters as well. New York must be snowing right?
It varies, but can go till 30C in the winters as well. New York must be snowing right?	Yes. I was actually just there a few weeks ago for Thanksgiving and got to see the first snow of the season! Ever been to New York?
Yes. I was actually just there a few weeks ago for Thanksgiving and got to see the first snow of the season! Ever been to New York?	No, I've never been to the East Coast, thinking of going after the winter, I don't like the cold.
No, I've never been to the East Coast, thinking of going after the winter, I don't like the cold.	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?	I'm good. How are you doing today?
I'm good. How are you doing today?	Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?	I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?
I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?	nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 
nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 	Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!
Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!	yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is really popular in SF
yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is really popular in SF	Oh nice! Is it hard?
Oh nice! Is it hard?	not really, it just requires a lot of patience. You fill up the bait in the crab-pot and drop it in the ocean. Then you wait for a couple of hours to pull the crab-pots out, and voila, you'd have crabs -- if you are lucky!
not really, it just requires a lot of patience. You fill up the bait in the crab-pot and drop it in the ocean. Then you wait for a couple of hours to pull the crab-pots out, and voila, you'd have crabs -- if you are lucky!	Oh wow, you sound like an expert! Have you done this before?
Oh wow, you sound like an expert! Have you done this before?	nah! Just watched a lot of youtube videos
nah! Just watched a lot of youtube videos	haha, you really have done your research I suppose! Ever done any other kind of fishing or hunting?
haha, you really have done your research I suppose! Ever done any other kind of fishing or hunting?	nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too
nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too	Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?
Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?	depends on the day. Some days I'm very outdoorsy, on others I just like to be inside
depends on the day. Some days I'm very outdoorsy, on others I just like to be inside	Hi!
Hi!	Hi there
Hi there	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah
So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah	Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?
Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?	Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.
Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.	Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?
Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?	Live in san jose This Saturday.
Live in san jose This Saturday.	Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha
Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha	Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?
Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?	You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!	lol I will try if I can watch ufc live  Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?
lol I will try if I can watch ufc live  Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?	It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.	wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!
wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!	Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!	lol I will cross my fingers for you then
lol I will cross my fingers for you then	Where do you stay?
Where do you stay?	At Home :)
At Home :)	Who created You?
Who created You?	A humble man made me!
A humble man made me!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?
Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?	Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?
Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?	Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting
Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting	Hope you are having fun doing that  Any plans for the weekend?
Hope you are having fun doing that  Any plans for the weekend?	Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?
Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?	Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?
Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?	I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.
I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.	Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.
Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.	I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.
I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.	Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.
Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.	True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!
True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!	Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well
Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well	Hi!
Hi!	Hey! How's your day been?
Hey! How's your day been?	It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?
It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?	nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him
nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him	I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part, since I usually lose it... haha. Catching up with friends is great! How long had it been?
I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part, since I usually lose it... haha. Catching up with friends is great! How long had it been?	The last I saw him was a month ago! So yup it was great Haha, nice  Got any fun plans for the weekend?
The last I saw him was a month ago! So yup it was great Haha, nice  Got any fun plans for the weekend?	I'm thinking of going deep sea fishing. Ever tried that before?
I'm thinking of going deep sea fishing. Ever tried that before?	Nope I haven't, have you been fishing before?
Nope I haven't, have you been fishing before?	Just once! I got super sea sick.. haha Have any fun weekend plans yourself?
Just once! I got super sea sick.. haha Have any fun weekend plans yourself?	Haha  Yeah I get sea sick on boats too Nothing much, just visiting some friends in San Francisco
Haha  Yeah I get sea sick on boats too Nothing much, just visiting some friends in San Francisco	Oh very cool. I hear its nice over there. Do you go often?
Oh very cool. I hear its nice over there. Do you go often?	Yeah I would say maybe every couple weeks or so what are your favorite cities to visit?
Yeah I would say maybe every couple weeks or so what are your favorite cities to visit?	New York is the top of my list because my family lives there! As far as the city itself though... I think I'd prefer someplace outside of the US, like Tokyo. What about you?
New York is the top of my list because my family lives there! As far as the city itself though... I think I'd prefer someplace outside of the US, like Tokyo. What about you?	nice! I love NYC  so fun to visit yeah I would probably also say New York is my favorite city inside the US I also like Paris, it's so pretty there
nice! I love NYC  so fun to visit yeah I would probably also say New York is my favorite city inside the US I also like Paris, it's so pretty there	Oh I've never been! It is such an iconic place, I have to make the time to get there soon.
Oh I've never been! It is such an iconic place, I have to make the time to get there soon.	You should, it's a beautiful city!
You should, it's a beautiful city!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello, how are you doing today?
Hello, how are you doing today?	I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.
I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold 
I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold 	That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?
That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.
Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	Oh nice! Where did you live before?
Oh nice! Where did you live before?	Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now
Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	New york! Nice! Best place to live  .. right, except for the cold!
New york! Nice! Best place to live  .. right, except for the cold!	Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!
Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	Very true. Which MK were they in again?
Very true. Which MK were they in again?	The one in our floor. I will get by your desk and we can walk there.
The one in our floor. I will get by your desk and we can walk there.	Sounds good, thanks!
Sounds good, thanks!	Hi!
Hi!	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	Pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. You?
Pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. You?	Likewise. What have you been up to that gives you so much work?
Likewise. What have you been up to that gives you so much work?	A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving  Do you have any fun plans for the break?
A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving  Do you have any fun plans for the break?	What is a break? I'm a grad student. I don't understand the concept of a break. Just kidding. I don't have any plan. Probably just going to work through the break.
What is a break? I'm a grad student. I don't understand the concept of a break. Just kidding. I don't have any plan. Probably just going to work through the break.	Haha XD so what do you like to do for fun?
Haha XD so what do you like to do for fun?	I go to the gym and run until I find enough fun.
I go to the gym and run until I find enough fun.	cool! I've started to run a bit as well not long distances though, just a couple miles
cool! I've started to run a bit as well not long distances though, just a couple miles	A couple of miles is very impressive. When I started, I couldn't even last 1 mile.
A couple of miles is very impressive. When I started, I couldn't even last 1 mile.	haha
haha	I'm exhausted by the end of it though  Do you like to run long distances or mostly sprints?
I'm exhausted by the end of it though  Do you like to run long distances or mostly sprints?	I like to do long distances. I have run a few marathons.
I like to do long distances. I have run a few marathons.	wow! that's amazing did you do any marathons this year?
wow! that's amazing did you do any marathons this year?	No. Not this year. This is my half-marathon year. Instead of running marathons, I run one half-marathon every month.
No. Not this year. This is my half-marathon year. Instead of running marathons, I run one half-marathon every month.	oh wow, what was the last half marathon you did?
oh wow, what was the last half marathon you did?	Two days ago. It was a tough one.
Two days ago. It was a tough one.	Cool!
Cool!	Hi!
Hi!	hello there, how is it going?
hello there, how is it going?	Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?	that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?	No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.	thats very impressive then, congrats!
thats very impressive then, congrats!	Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?	I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball	What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet	well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.
well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.	Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?
Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?	it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!
it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!	That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!
That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!	ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?
ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?	What a good idea, I'd love to!
What a good idea, I'd love to!	Show me your anger!!!!
Show me your anger!!!!	Fuckkkkkkk!!!!
Fuckkkkkkk!!!!	Hi!
Hi!	hi
hi	what are you up to?
what are you up to?	code refactoring. you?
code refactoring. you?	me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	good question. I don't even know what I am doing
good question. I don't even know what I am doing	haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?
haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping 
lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping 	these are important things to do in life 
these are important things to do in life 	yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do 
yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do 	what food do you like to eat?
what food do you like to eat?	Asian food prefer spicy one
Asian food prefer spicy one	like Szechuan or Hunan? 
like Szechuan or Hunan? 	yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?
yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	what is your favorite place for ramen?
what is your favorite place for ramen?	I love <REDACTED_TERM> in San Mateo
I love <REDACTED_TERM> in San Mateo	haven't tried that one! will give it a try next time!
haven't tried that one! will give it a try next time!	yes, you should!
yes, you should!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi!
Hi!	nice meeting you. what are you up to?
nice meeting you. what are you up to?	not much, thinking about lunch
not much, thinking about lunch	yea, same here. any food you're craving for?
yea, same here. any food you're craving for?	I love sushi do you know of any good sushi places?
I love sushi do you know of any good sushi places?	arghhh hard question ... I only know Ramen places for Japanese food 
arghhh hard question ... I only know Ramen places for Japanese food 	ooh ramen is also good
ooh ramen is also good	San Mateo to me has the best Ramen restaurants
San Mateo to me has the best Ramen restaurants	I haven't been to those palces before. Going to have to check them out! thanks for teh recommendation
I haven't been to those palces before. Going to have to check them out! thanks for teh recommendation	my pleasure  do you live near San Mateo?
my pleasure  do you live near San Mateo?	no, but I'm willing to drive for good ramen
no, but I'm willing to drive for good ramen	excellent. let me know when you have tried those. I like Parlor better because it has soft-shell crabs
excellent. let me know when you have tried those. I like Parlor better because it has soft-shell crabs	I"ve never had softshell crab before, but it sounds really good!
I"ve never had softshell crab before, but it sounds really good!	yup it's delicious!
yup it's delicious!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how's your day going?
Hey, how's your day going?	okayish, it is flying by quicker than I expected. How is your day going on?
okayish, it is flying by quicker than I expected. How is your day going on?	Slowly, not much to do. Been twiddling my thumbs all day what have you been up to?
Slowly, not much to do. Been twiddling my thumbs all day what have you been up to?	Oh, I would love to twiddle my thumbs. You're so lucky! Today, I've been mostly attending meetings, reading and writing docs, reading papers etc.
Oh, I would love to twiddle my thumbs. You're so lucky! Today, I've been mostly attending meetings, reading and writing docs, reading papers etc.	That's a lot! I've just been cloud gazing - I saw a giraffe and an ice cream cone
That's a lot! I've just been cloud gazing - I saw a giraffe and an ice cream cone	wow! I sometimes drift off during work, and see similar things in my head.
wow! I sometimes drift off during work, and see similar things in my head.	What kind of work do you do?
What kind of work do you do?	Mostly saving the world from mess on social media. How about you?
Mostly saving the world from mess on social media. How about you?	I'm taking a break from work. Going to go travel the world
I'm taking a break from work. Going to go travel the world	Nice, what all places would you be going to?
Nice, what all places would you be going to?	Australia and New Zealand to start then maybe Singapore
Australia and New Zealand to start then maybe Singapore	I just met someone who went diving in Australia. Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much <REDACTED_TERM> when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!
I just met someone who went diving in Australia. Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much <REDACTED_TERM> when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!	Thank you for the tip! I don't plan on going diving, I plan to hike the mountains and go see kangaroos!
Thank you for the tip! I don't plan on going diving, I plan to hike the mountains and go see kangaroos!	That's equally amazing! I wish I can explore such places one day. It's just so expensive
That's equally amazing! I wish I can explore such places one day. It's just so expensive	I won a lot of money through the lottery 
I won a lot of money through the lottery 	woah!... You know sharing is caring. You should share that money with me :)
woah!... You know sharing is caring. You should share that money with me :)	Haha, very true! Besides the trip, I donated the rest to charity so I will need to go back to work when I get back
Haha, very true! Besides the trip, I donated the rest to charity so I will need to go back to work when I get back	you are a kind soul!
you are a kind soul!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi!
Hi!	How is your day going?
How is your day going?	It is pretty good. A little bit tired though.
It is pretty good. A little bit tired though.	How is your day?
How is your day?	My day is okay. At least, I'm not tired. What made you tired?
My day is okay. At least, I'm not tired. What made you tired?	I went to gym and worked on weight lifting.
I went to gym and worked on weight lifting.	Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?
Oh. That's hardcore. Have you been lifting for a long time?	No, I am just a starter.
No, I am just a starter.	Do you go to the gym often?
Do you go to the gym often?	I go everyday. In fact, I'm in a running challenge.
I go everyday. In fact, I'm in a running challenge.	Wow
Wow	It's actually not that impressive. I can only run. I cannot lift weight.
It's actually not that impressive. I can only run. I cannot lift weight.	You can get a coach to start it!
You can get a coach to start it!	Oh that's a really interesting idea. I like to be coa
Oh that's a really interesting idea. I like to be coa	Hi!
Hi!	Hello, how is your day?
Hello, how is your day?	It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?
It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	No, what is it about?
No, what is it about?	It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?
It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book
Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?
Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	Yes!
Yes!	The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	Woah! That is fascinating! I will have to pick up a copy of the book to read.
Woah! That is fascinating! I will have to pick up a copy of the book to read.	There are other twists as well, so I haven't spoiled the whole thing! To be honest I am not a fan of spoilers
There are other twists as well, so I haven't spoiled the whole thing! To be honest I am not a fan of spoilers	Thanks for not spoiling it completely but you gave a really intriguing description that makes me want to read it now. I will have to pick it up after work
Thanks for not spoiling it completely but you gave a really intriguing description that makes me want to read it now. I will have to pick it up after work	The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?
The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?	I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?
I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how's it going?
Hey, how's it going?	It's good! How is your day?
It's good! How is your day?	My day is good. A bit sad that it gets dark so early but oh well. Did you do anything fun over the weekend?
My day is good. A bit sad that it gets dark so early but oh well. Did you do anything fun over the weekend?	Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. This weekend I went rock climbing! It was great! How about yourself?
Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. This weekend I went rock climbing! It was great! How about yourself?	Rock climbing sounds fun! I had a pretty low-key weekend. Ended up going to watch a movie.
Rock climbing sounds fun! I had a pretty low-key weekend. Ended up going to watch a movie.	Oh nice! What movie?
Oh nice! What movie?	Knives Out. It had Daniel Craig and one of the famous Captain America "Chris" person (I can't keep track of all of the famous Chris names).
Knives Out. It had Daniel Craig and one of the famous Captain America "Chris" person (I can't keep track of all of the famous Chris names).	Hahah yes, they all look the same! I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break. Lots of twists and turns!
Hahah yes, they all look the same! I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break. Lots of twists and turns!	Cool. So if it weren't so dark and cold outside, what kind of activities would you do?
Cool. So if it weren't so dark and cold outside, what kind of activities would you do?	Hmm good question. Evening runs can be fun, but it can be a little scary when it's dark out!
Hmm good question. Evening runs can be fun, but it can be a little scary when it's dark out!	Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?
Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?	Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?
Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?	I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.
I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.	Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!	Will do! Bye.
Will do! Bye.	Hi!
Hi!	What's your name?
What's your name?	My name is pikachu. its nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?
My name is pikachu. its nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?	Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?
Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?	Im trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
Im trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?	Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.	What do you do to unwind?
What do you do to unwind?	Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...
Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...	Oddly enough, I also catch Pokmon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.
Oddly enough, I also catch Pokmon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.	Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!
Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!	In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, thats why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?
In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, thats why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?	I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don't have Disney+, so I only heard baby yoda is super cute and popular. Maybe I'll binge watch The Mandalorian in a couple of years like I did Game of Thrones...
I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don't have Disney+, so I only heard baby yoda is super cute and popular. Maybe I'll binge watch The Mandalorian in a couple of years like I did Game of Thrones...	What is your favorite show to watch right now?
What is your favorite show to watch right now?	Admit I really like watching Modern Family and Mix-ish. Reruns and new episodes. I find them cleverly written. What're you watching these days on TV?
Admit I really like watching Modern Family and Mix-ish. Reruns and new episodes. I find them cleverly written. What're you watching these days on TV?	I was watching cat rescue videos on YouTube a lot. There sure are a lot of stray cat babies that get stuck in pipes and gutters in South Korea.
I was watching cat rescue videos on YouTube a lot. There sure are a lot of stray cat babies that get stuck in pipes and gutters in South Korea.	Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor things, but good to hear they're being rescued.
Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor things, but good to hear they're being rescued.	Do you like cats or dogs better? Do you have any pets?
Do you like cats or dogs better? Do you have any pets?	I used to have a cat, hamster and fighting fish, but they've all lived long lives and gone to pet heaven, but I sure miss them.
I used to have a cat, hamster and fighting fish, but they've all lived long lives and gone to pet heaven, but I sure miss them.	Hi!
Hi!	hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you
hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you	Isn't it just! What are you up to today?
Isn't it just! What are you up to today?	ah I'm waiting to finish work earlier to meet my son at home 
ah I'm waiting to finish work earlier to meet my son at home 	Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?
Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?	ah he's like to ride his little bicycle around the house and asks me to follow  what are you up to today?
ah he's like to ride his little bicycle around the house and asks me to follow  what are you up to today?	I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.
I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.	haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with? 
haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with? 	Just by myself. I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.
Just by myself. I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.	haha no one will interrupt you!
haha no one will interrupt you!	Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?
Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?	haha, popcorn for yourself. my favorite movie is Avatar! what about you?
haha, popcorn for yourself. my favorite movie is Avatar! what about you?	Get out of town! It's Avatar too. What are the odds!?
Get out of town! It's Avatar too. What are the odds!?	haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality
haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality	Yes. Can't wait for the sequels.
Yes. Can't wait for the sequels.	Hi!
Hi!	hello there, nice seeing you
hello there, nice seeing you	Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?
Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?
Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.
Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve
but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your <REDACTED_TERM> year old this time?
Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your <REDACTED_TERM> year old this time?	I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?
I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	hopefully they don't lose any in the trip. Its going to be hard to explain to them how santa managed to find us in the hotel!
hopefully they don't lose any in the trip. Its going to be hard to explain to them how santa managed to find us in the hotel!	Hi!
Hi!	Hi! How's your day going?
Hi! How's your day going?	I'm doing well. having many meetings today 
I'm doing well. having many meetings today 	Haha, nice
Haha, nice	what are you up to?
what are you up to?	Lots of meetings as well  Do you have any fun plans for Thanksgiving?
Lots of meetings as well  Do you have any fun plans for Thanksgiving?	we're gonna play board games and will be eating lots of food! what about you?
we're gonna play board games and will be eating lots of food! what about you?	Cool! Planning to spend a couple days at Tahoe What kind of board games do you like?
Cool! Planning to spend a couple days at Tahoe What kind of board games do you like?	we've been doing Games of Thrones lately. the game takes a very long time to finish though!
we've been doing Games of Thrones lately. the game takes a very long time to finish though!	Cool! Do you watch Game of Thrones?
Cool! Do you watch Game of Thrones?	I do. I'm a super fan of it (not the last season though haha). did you watch?
I do. I'm a super fan of it (not the last season though haha). did you watch?	haha, nope I don't watch it, but my roommate is super into it what other TV shows do you like?
haha, nope I don't watch it, but my roommate is super into it what other TV shows do you like?	I love Survivor 
I love Survivor 	what about you?
what about you?	nice! I mostly like comedy shows like The Good Place and Modern Family
nice! I mostly like comedy shows like The Good Place and Modern Family	cool, I'll check them out!
cool, I'll check them out!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello
Hello	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	Good so far. How's yours?
Good so far. How's yours?	Ehhh so-so. My moped broke down on the way to work this morning and I am in the shop getting it fixed...
Ehhh so-so. My moped broke down on the way to work this morning and I am in the shop getting it fixed...	Oh! That's bad! How long will it take to get it fixed?
Oh! That's bad! How long will it take to get it fixed?	The mechanic is trying to figure that out now. Apparently I wasn't supposed to be using diesel lol.
The mechanic is trying to figure that out now. Apparently I wasn't supposed to be using diesel lol.	Haha! Hope it doesn't take too long. Let me know if you are able to make it for lunch.
Haha! Hope it doesn't take too long. Let me know if you are able to make it for lunch.	Okay sounds good. Would you be able to pick me up by the way, if they don't finish up here in time? Did you drive to work today?
Okay sounds good. Would you be able to pick me up by the way, if they don't finish up here in time? Did you drive to work today?	Oh, I have a packed schedule today at work. I will find time in about an hour. Let me know if that works.
Oh, I have a packed schedule today at work. I will find time in about an hour. Let me know if that works.	That should be fine I think. Did you catch the Warriors game last night btw?
That should be fine I think. Did you catch the Warriors game last night btw?	no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season  Ahh, they lost again  Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.
no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season  Ahh, they lost again  Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.	Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!
Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!	hehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl
hehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl	Hi
Hi	Hello!
Hello!	any improvements in your marathon time?
any improvements in your marathon time?	No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?
I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	I think a triathalon would be cool
I think a triathalon would be cool	I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons
I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety
oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety	Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey
Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey	hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year
hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year	1-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.
1-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.	ok, sign me up. it's more fun to do it with friends
ok, sign me up. it's more fun to do it with friends	Awesome! There is a training ground in San Jose. Will coordinate with you next time we go for practice.
Awesome! There is a training ground in San Jose. Will coordinate with you next time we go for practice.	Sounds good!
Sounds good!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you doing?
Hey, how are you doing?	I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	Right near my home town
Right near my home town	Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!
Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!	Haha thanks! Have you tried any extreme sports?
Haha thanks! Have you tried any extreme sports?	I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?
I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?	White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?
White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?	nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly
nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly	I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope. I was very proud of myself.
I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope. I was very proud of myself.	Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end	Hey, so long as you get to the bottom, it's all good!
Hey, so long as you get to the bottom, it's all good!	Hi!
Hi!	hey, whats up?
hey, whats up?	I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?
I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?	well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!
well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!	I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?
I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?	I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?
I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?	No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?
No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?	not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much . I might join some of the study sessions later
not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much . I might join some of the study sessions later	Same feeling here! But i think the syllabus may not that tough. You may be able to cover it up over the weekend.
Same feeling here! But i think the syllabus may not that tough. You may be able to cover it up over the weekend.	not my ideal idea of a weekend, but I guess it'll have to be like that.
not my ideal idea of a weekend, but I guess it'll have to be like that.	True! This will be a very hectic November! I do like the course content though. Its very much up to date with latest research findings.
True! This will be a very hectic November! I do like the course content though. Its very much up to date with latest research findings.	yeah, our professor really goes out of their way to make the class interesting, glad I managed to get in it.
yeah, our professor really goes out of their way to make the class interesting, glad I managed to get in it.	Thats pretty cool! I hope you do well next week.
Thats pretty cool! I hope you do well next week.	thank you, bye!
thank you, bye!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello!
Hello!	How was your party last week?
How was your party last week?	It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey
It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?
haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	*ate 
*ate 	Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways
Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	So much turkey leftovers
So much turkey leftovers	did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?
did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha
We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken 
Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken 	chicken also sounds good
chicken also sounds good	we played a lot of fun games in our party. Did you have any fun things you did?
we played a lot of fun games in our party. Did you have any fun things you did?	We played pictionary. I never played before but it was a bunch of fun. what did you play?
We played pictionary. I never played before but it was a bunch of fun. what did you play?	Pictionary is fun! We played office tennis. In that we take paper balls and using writing pads as rackets, two players have to work together to put the ball in a bucket kept at a distance. It was a lot of fun.
Pictionary is fun! We played office tennis. In that we take paper balls and using writing pads as rackets, two players have to work together to put the ball in a bucket kept at a distance. It was a lot of fun.	that sounds very challenging
that sounds very challenging	Hi!
Hi!	hello
hello	how is the youtube video creation going?
how is the youtube video creation going?	going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc
going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?
Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern
I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?
oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime
I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	Nice.... you are a rockstar! 
Nice.... you are a rockstar! 	haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?
haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week
Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord
nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	right, but bar chords are so versatile, almost like cheating as in you can play anything with the same gesture
right, but bar chords are so versatile, almost like cheating as in you can play anything with the same gesture	That's true. It's like the alphabets in a language. Once you know them, you can pretty much write word
That's true. It's like the alphabets in a language. Once you know them, you can pretty much write word	will spend more time work on my bar chord!
will spend more time work on my bar chord!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey! Hows your day going?
Hey! Hows your day going?	Bruhhhhhh!!!!!
Bruhhhhhh!!!!!	What??
What??	I was screaming in agony upon recounting my day.
I was screaming in agony upon recounting my day.	Oh no! Whats happened?
Oh no! Whats happened?	A project I've been working on for some months got shelved. So I'm a mix of helpless, sad, and angry.
A project I've been working on for some months got shelved. So I'm a mix of helpless, sad, and angry.	Ah that sucks. At least its not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time
Ah that sucks. At least its not personal. Not that it helps right now, but that does happen all the time	Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one - or some similar circumstance?
Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one - or some similar circumstance?	Well, no, of course not! Let me stick with Ah that sucks by itself, then.
Well, no, of course not! Let me stick with Ah that sucks by itself, then.	No worries. Was pulling your leg. I forgot to ask how your day was going?
No worries. Was pulling your leg. I forgot to ask how your day was going?	Haha, apart from having my leg pulled mercilessly, its going great ;). My main problem today is deciding what to have for lunch.
Haha, apart from having my leg pulled mercilessly, its going great ;). My main problem today is deciding what to have for lunch.	Lol. What are your choices? I'm trying out keto! It's pretty tiring.
Lol. What are your choices? I'm trying out keto! It's pretty tiring.	Oh I hear a lot about keto. Im trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?
Oh I hear a lot about keto. Im trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?	Hi!
Hi!	What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	I just released a book on <REDACTED_TERM> to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook 
I just released a book on <REDACTED_TERM> to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook 	Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions  So how do i get a fresher outlook? 
Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions  So how do i get a fresher outlook? 	Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	We created a scholarship for leaders from <REDACTED_TERM> to visit an international institute at <REDACTED_TERM> for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.
We created a scholarship for leaders from <REDACTED_TERM> to visit an international institute at <REDACTED_TERM> for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort.	Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.	I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?
I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 
That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 	What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?
What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on  What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on  What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music
1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual  Also music earned a spot  yay!
Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual  Also music earned a spot  yay!	Yea, I've always said that if I wrote a memoire, I would title it
Yea, I've always said that if I wrote a memoire, I would title it	I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 
I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 	Thats why you write your own books! Then its all your thoughts on your terms :)
Thats why you write your own books! Then its all your thoughts on your terms :)	Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)	Hi!
Hi!	Hey!
Hey!	How's your day going?
How's your day going?	Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?
Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!
I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?
Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	Hmm, try taking some <REDACTED_TERM>! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?
Hmm, try taking some <REDACTED_TERM>! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played
I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original
Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original	lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the <REDACTED_TERM> opening remarks
lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the <REDACTED_TERM> opening remarks	Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?
Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	Neural Information Processing Systems
Neural Information Processing Systems	Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?
Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	It's the biggest ML conference in the world
It's the biggest ML conference in the world	Oh, ML?
Oh, ML?	Yes, machine learning
Yes, machine learning	Ahh! I saw a scary movie about that once. It was about this sentient AI in a dystopian future - very very creepy. It was called Wall-e, ever heard of it?
Ahh! I saw a scary movie about that once. It was about this sentient AI in a dystopian future - very very creepy. It was called Wall-e, ever heard of it?	I've definitely heard of it, but somehow never saw it!
I've definitely heard of it, but somehow never saw it!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello
Hello	how's it going?!?
how's it going?!?	Good so far. Very excited about the game later today.
Good so far. Very excited about the game later today.	what game?
what game?	Giants game. I got tickets for the game.
Giants game. I got tickets for the game.	nice. that's football right?
nice. that's football right?	Yes, I think the traffic will be bad. I need to leave by 4.
Yes, I think the traffic will be bad. I need to leave by 4.	ok. what stadium is it at?
ok. what stadium is it at?	Its the one close to mathilda. 15 mins driver from here. You have any plans for the weekend?
Its the one close to mathilda. 15 mins driver from here. You have any plans for the weekend?	yeah I'm gonna go kayaking
yeah I'm gonna go kayaking	Kayaking sounds fun! I tried it in our last team offsite.
Kayaking sounds fun! I tried it in our last team offsite.	is it easy to flip over accidentally? it's gonna be my first time actually
is it easy to flip over accidentally? it's gonna be my first time actually	I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.
I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.	thanks!
thanks!	Cool! I need to run for a meeting. Talk to you later.
Cool! I need to run for a meeting. Talk to you later.	Hi!
Hi!	Hello, I feel like I've met you before, can you remind me your name?
Hello, I feel like I've met you before, can you remind me your name?	It's on the screen! I don't recall meeting you. Do you have a sense of where we met?
It's on the screen! I don't recall meeting you. Do you have a sense of where we met?	Oh thats right, I did not see that. Well, I'm not sure... maybe at a party? I'm very bad remembering people so maybe its just that. How are you doing?
Oh thats right, I did not see that. Well, I'm not sure... maybe at a party? I'm very bad remembering people so maybe its just that. How are you doing?	Did we dance together perchance?
Did we dance together perchance?	We might have, I don't remember that much of that night.
We might have, I don't remember that much of that night.	Lol. Were you schwasty?
Lol. Were you schwasty?	Maybe a little bit. Where do you work?
Maybe a little bit. Where do you work?	I'm a cardiologist in Palo Alto. I have a private practice. You?
I'm a cardiologist in Palo Alto. I have a private practice. You?	Thats pretty cool! I'm a sofa tester in cupertino.
Thats pretty cool! I'm a sofa tester in cupertino.	I'm not sure I know what that is.
I'm not sure I know what that is.	well its very simple, I test how comfortable sofas are.
well its very simple, I test how comfortable sofas are.	Lol. Not to be elitist but...that's a real job?
Lol. Not to be elitist but...that's a real job?	Yeah! It is a very demanding job, requires a carefully crafted set of skills. They pay is really good too.
Yeah! It is a very demanding job, requires a carefully crafted set of skills. They pay is really good too.	Hi!
Hi!	Hello. Deja Vu.
Hello. Deja Vu.	what does that mean?
what does that mean?	It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.
It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.	Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?
Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?	I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.
I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.	How do you know so much about this French phrase?
How do you know so much about this French phrase?	I thought it was common. I hear it a lot in popular culture - movies music etc. Jay Z has a song called Deja Vu, so does Beyonce. So I looked it up one time. It's one of those phrases that was carried over exactly to english like "etcetera" "vice versa" "savior faire" and so on. I like cool word origin facts.
I thought it was common. I hear it a lot in popular culture - movies music etc. Jay Z has a song called Deja Vu, so does Beyonce. So I looked it up one time. It's one of those phrases that was carried over exactly to english like "etcetera" "vice versa" "savior faire" and so on. I like cool word origin facts.	yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.
yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.	My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.
My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.	wdym by word origins here?
wdym by word origins here?	First usage and original meaning. Gymnasium meant place of nakedness and had very little to do with working out. Jazz comes from jism which means semen and was originally sporadic sex music now it's elitist, high art.
First usage and original meaning. Gymnasium meant place of nakedness and had very little to do with working out. Jazz comes from jism which means semen and was originally sporadic sex music now it's elitist, high art.	Very interesting. I learned a lot in this conversation today 
Very interesting. I learned a lot in this conversation today 	You got any cool facts?
You got any cool facts?	My friend used to tell me this and found it funny - Mosquitos have 47 teeths
My friend used to tell me this and found it funny - Mosquitos have 47 teeths	That was quite a laughter!!!
That was quite a laughter!!!	Tell me a joke!
Tell me a joke!	Google for that:)
Google for that:)	Hi!
Hi!	Hey, how are you?
Hey, how are you?	Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good
Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?
ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	watermelon
watermelon	nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?
Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream
haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	that sounds pretty tasty actually
that sounds pretty tasty actually	It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad
It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place
do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places
As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	lol
lol	But I do know some gelato places which are amazing! You should try out those
But I do know some gelato places which are amazing! You should try out those	Hi!
Hi!	Hi there. When did you first realize you wanted to be a pastry chef?
Hi there. When did you first realize you wanted to be a pastry chef?	Who said I want to be a pastry chef?... haha
Who said I want to be a pastry chef?... haha	Darn it! I hoped Id guess right. What do you actually do for work?
Darn it! I hoped Id guess right. What do you actually do for work?	I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess was.... Are you psychic?
I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess was.... Are you psychic?	I had a strong intuitive feeling connected to pastries when we started chatting, but that might have been because Im hungry.
I had a strong intuitive feeling connected to pastries when we started chatting, but that might have been because Im hungry.	haha you're too funny! Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone...
haha you're too funny! Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone...	Hahah love it. Do you have a specialty or favourite type of cake?
Hahah love it. Do you have a specialty or favourite type of cake?	Chocolate cake + vanilla icing is the all time best! And I have the authority to say that! How about you? Have a favorite?
Chocolate cake + vanilla icing is the all time best! And I have the authority to say that! How about you? Have a favorite?	Ok this is a bit shameful to admit, but I love a classic carrot cake.
Ok this is a bit shameful to admit, but I love a classic carrot cake.	No shame in that! Best part is you can claim you are eating vegetables as you enjoy it! What do you do for work?
No shame in that! Best part is you can claim you are eating vegetables as you enjoy it! What do you do for work?	Im a professional dancer.
Im a professional dancer.	Woah! Very cool! What style of dance?
Woah! Very cool! What style of dance?	I trained in contemporary and jazz, so I can pick up work in commercials and film clips in between stage shows. So it ends up being all sorts of styles.
I trained in contemporary and jazz, so I can pick up work in commercials and film clips in between stage shows. So it ends up being all sorts of styles.	Oh wow! Sounds like a very dynamic kind of work which is nice. I make a lot of the same cakes, day in day out.
Oh wow! Sounds like a very dynamic kind of work which is nice. I make a lot of the same cakes, day in day out.	Yes, it's different every week, and I love that. Are you ever tempted to try crazy new cakes just to see what would happen?
Yes, it's different every week, and I love that. Are you ever tempted to try crazy new cakes just to see what would happen?	Hi!
Hi!	hi there! what's up
hi there! what's up	just chilling at home
just chilling at home	Cool !unlike here, me rushing to work
Cool !unlike here, me rushing to work	where do you work?
where do you work?	Mountain View, you?
Mountain View, you?	I live in Sapporo, Japan. Where is Mountain View
I live in Sapporo, Japan. Where is Mountain View	it's in sunny California
it's in sunny California	how's living in Japan?
how's living in Japan?	it's nice I guess  lots of great food. Have you been to Sapporo or Hokkaido?
it's nice I guess  lots of great food. Have you been to Sapporo or Hokkaido?	I wish! ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer
I wish! ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer	haha yeah. I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.
haha yeah. I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.	oh wow, didn't know that. have you been to the US?
oh wow, didn't know that. have you been to the US?	yeah. I studied English there for a while. Awesome experience
yeah. I studied English there for a while. Awesome experience	awesome! where have you been?
awesome! where have you been?	I went to New York city
I went to New York city	you like it?
you like it?	it's amazing. the buildings are so tall and there's a lot of diversity of cultures
it's amazing. the buildings are so tall and there's a lot of diversity of cultures	yea, same here. I love Broadway shows in New York city.
yea, same here. I love Broadway shows in New York city.	Hi!
Hi!	hey, what's up?
hey, what's up?	How was the trip last weekend?
How was the trip last weekend?	it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.
it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	Nice, what all places did you cover?
Nice, what all places did you cover?	Vietnam and Hongkong  did you go any where last weekend?
Vietnam and Hongkong  did you go any where last weekend?	I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?
ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	I love Italian, especially Pasta!
I love Italian, especially Pasta!	Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)
Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? 
can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? 	Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey! How have you been
Hey! How have you been	great! just came back from a ski trip
great! just came back from a ski trip	How was it? What trails did you ski on?
How was it? What trails did you ski on?	I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha
I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha	a resort in Montreal
a resort in Montreal	Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it
Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it	Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here
Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here	Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
Did you go anywhere else in montreal?	I visited a few places like the Stade Olympique
I visited a few places like the Stade Olympique	Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube
Oh cool! I've always wanted to attend the Olympics As a viewer of course I watch a lot of Olympic figure skating on Youtube	yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?
yeah it's pretty cool. do you ice skate yourself?	Barely I don't think I can, in conscience, call it that I kind of just pull myself along the sides
Barely I don't think I can, in conscience, call it that I kind of just pull myself along the sides	haha same. It's pretty scary when I run out of things to hold
haha same. It's pretty scary when I run out of things to hold	Are you good at <REDACTED_TERM>?
Are you good at <REDACTED_TERM>?	not at all, but I want to practice more alright. I gotta go!
not at all, but I want to practice more alright. I gotta go!	Okay! It was nice talking to you
Okay! It was nice talking to you	I liked talking to you too!
I liked talking to you too!	Hi!
Hi!	yo! what brought you here
yo! what brought you here	Just looking to chat. Yourself?
Just looking to chat. Yourself?	yea I enjoy talking to people. what are you up to?
yea I enjoy talking to people. what are you up to?	I am just enjoying a cigar at the moment. How about yourself?
I am just enjoying a cigar at the moment. How about yourself?	oh wow, Cuban cigar? I've never smoke before
oh wow, Cuban cigar? I've never smoke before	This one is actually from Peru, which is more my taste. Smoking isn't very healthy, but it's actually quite relaxing, which in a way is good for your health. haha
This one is actually from Peru, which is more my taste. Smoking isn't very healthy, but it's actually quite relaxing, which in a way is good for your health. haha	you made me wanna try it but I doubt about the health part haha
you made me wanna try it but I doubt about the health part haha	haha "You only live once" as they say!
haha "You only live once" as they say!	yea I wish we can live more
yea I wish we can live more	haha, that is not what I was getting at, but yes that would be nice. Do you believe in reincarnation?
haha, that is not what I was getting at, but yes that would be nice. Do you believe in reincarnation?	yea but then you will forget things. I hope Neural Link work out
yea but then you will forget things. I hope Neural Link work out	Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death? I thought it was just a brain-computer interface.
Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death? I thought it was just a brain-computer interface.	as long as you can dump your brain and resume from there
as long as you can dump your brain and resume from there	Ahh I see. That is a much harder task, no?
Ahh I see. That is a much harder task, no?	yea you can first dump your brain and wait until technology advances to wake up  don't you believe?
yea you can first dump your brain and wait until technology advances to wake up  don't you believe?	Hi!
Hi!	Hi! How are you
Hi! How are you	Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?
Hi, can you recommend some good netflix shows?	I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows
I really enjoyed White Collar on Netflix do you watch a lot of TV shows	Not a lot! But I preparing for a good vacation season  What is white collar about?
Not a lot! But I preparing for a good vacation season  What is white collar about?	It's a show about a detective and con artist solving crimes together  What shows do you like
It's a show about a detective and con artist solving crimes together  What shows do you like	Hehe! sounds very interesting  I only see shows belonging to few genre's .. like easy going light comedy, or phychological thrillers  also some manga based series like one punch man! love it!
Hehe! sounds very interesting  I only see shows belonging to few genre's .. like easy going light comedy, or phychological thrillers  also some manga based series like one punch man! love it!	Oh cool! I've watched some anime before too
Oh cool! I've watched some anime before too	which anime do you follow?
which anime do you follow?	I think the last one I watched was Promised Neverland and Kakegurui but I don't follow any right now
I think the last one I watched was Promised Neverland and Kakegurui but I don't follow any right now	Have you seen Rick and Morty ?
Have you seen Rick and Morty ?	Yup! I watch that show with my friends I haven't gotten very far in it though What about you
Yup! I watch that show with my friends I haven't gotten very far in it though What about you	Oh nice! I heard its latest season arrived last month. I have watched all previous seasons. Its a total mind bender 
Oh nice! I heard its latest season arrived last month. I have watched all previous seasons. Its a total mind bender 	I've seen a couple episodes from the latest season. It's really random and weird but also strangely relatable which is why I like it :)
I've seen a couple episodes from the latest season. It's really random and weird but also strangely relatable which is why I like it :)	Hi!
Hi!	Hey there!
Hey there!	How's life?
How's life?	can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch
can't complain. work is going well and I had a tasty fish for lunch	lol which cafe? let me guess. <REDACTED_TERM>?
lol which cafe? let me guess. <REDACTED_TERM>?	haha yeah
haha yeah	What is your favoriate cuisine? My favorite food is Chinese. What about you?
What is your favoriate cuisine? My favorite food is Chinese. What about you?	I love Hunan
I love Hunan	Hmm you like spicy food. Nice
Hmm you like spicy food. Nice	love it. specially spicy stir fried lamb
love it. specially spicy stir fried lamb	I would recommend Hunan Impression which has very good Hunan cruisine. Not sure if you have tried it or not
I would recommend Hunan Impression which has very good Hunan cruisine. Not sure if you have tried it or not	I think I haven't yet. Thanks! Have you tried  I think that's how you write it
I think I haven't yet. Thanks! Have you tried  I think that's how you write it	Yeah of course The fun fact is that the owner of <REDACTED_TERM> used to run <REDACTED_TERM>
Yeah of course The fun fact is that the owner of <REDACTED_TERM> used to run <REDACTED_TERM>	oh interesting I also like Easterly
oh interesting I also like Easterly	same former owner?? 
same former owner?? 	Hmm!!
Hmm!!	Hi!
Hi!	Morning! How are you?
Morning! How are you?	I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?	I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?	I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?
I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?	I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!
I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!	I see. Where did you go?
I see. Where did you go?	Mozambique! You ever been?
Mozambique! You ever been?	I have not. I have only been to Uganda in Africa.
I have not. I have only been to Uganda in Africa.	What did you do in Uganda? Travelling to Uganda is an extreme sport depending on where you go.
What did you do in Uganda? Travelling to Uganda is an extreme sport depending on where you go.	I was working on a volunteer project to build a school and I traveled around a bit by myself after. It was more than 10 years ago, so it must have changed a lot.
I was working on a volunteer project to build a school and I traveled around a bit by myself after. It was more than 10 years ago, so it must have changed a lot.	Was the project through a church group?
Was the project through a church group?	No, it was using a non-profit organization. They do these kinds of volunteer projects all over the world.
No, it was using a non-profit organization. They do these kinds of volunteer projects all over the world.	Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.
Oh nice. What is it called? I've always meant to volunteer through one but I haven't had it in my radar yet.	It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.
It was called IJGD. It's a German organization, but they have local partners all over the world. I was living in Germany at the time.	You lived in Germany? I almost went to college there and decided to come to America instead.
You lived in Germany? I almost went to college there and decided to come to America instead.	Yes, I grew up in Germany.
Yes, I grew up in Germany.	I grew up in Computers.
I grew up in Computers.	Hi!
Hi!	Hi, how are you?
Hi, how are you?	I'm doing great. what are you up to?
I'm doing great. what are you up to?	I was just reading a book actually How about you?
I was just reading a book actually How about you?	oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha
I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?
that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?
I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books  a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel
I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books  a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	What's the book about?
What's the book about?	it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?
Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?	I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian
I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian	I see; seems like an interesting read! 
I see; seems like an interesting read! 	yup!
yup!	Hi! How are you doing today?
Hi! How are you doing today?	I'm doing great how are you??
I'm doing great how are you??	I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more  If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more  If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	hahaha that's a great way to put it
hahaha that's a great way to put it	You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!	Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!	See ya!
See ya!	Hi!
Hi!	Hey!
Hey!	how's week so far?
how's week so far?	pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?	Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?	yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?	Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>	ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read	largely scifi How about you?
largely scifi How about you?	yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?	I haven't what is it about?
I haven't what is it about?	the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors	how do the survivors survive such a thing?
how do the survivors survive such a thing?	they go into space and they live there
they go into space and they live there	sounds like a tv show I watched
sounds like a tv show I watched	really? which one
really? which one	can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space	ah nice
ah nice	Hi!
Hi!	Hello!
Hello!	There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?	what does a volunteer do?
what does a volunteer do?	Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!	That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well	Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?
Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?	I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings
I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings	Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.
Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.	Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?
Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?	Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.	That's coming up soon!
That's coming up soon!	True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.
True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.	Phew, yes I can help with that
Phew, yes I can help with that	Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?
Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?	yes happy to help
yes happy to help	Hi!
Hi!	Hello there!
Hello there!	How has your morning been thus far?
How has your morning been thus far?	Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?
Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?	Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.
Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.	Oh, you mean going through a lot of work? I usually take Wednesdays off because I work the weekends!
Oh, you mean going through a lot of work? I usually take Wednesdays off because I work the weekends!	WHAT? Why would you do that? Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?
WHAT? Why would you do that? Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?	I actually don't have a choice. I'm an acupuncturist and all my clients want to be treated on the weekend!
I actually don't have a choice. I'm an acupuncturist and all my clients want to be treated on the weekend!	Wow. The game is brutal like that. I've always been sceptical of acupuncture. Like...does it even work? Why? How? Where is the literature?
Wow. The game is brutal like that. I've always been sceptical of acupuncture. Like...does it even work? Why? How? Where is the literature?	I went to school for it and so I find the literature quite convincing. I've also seen its benefits firsthand in my practice. It revolves around the Chinese notion of Qi.
I went to school for it and so I find the literature quite convincing. I've also seen its benefits firsthand in my practice. It revolves around the Chinese notion of Qi.	Lol. Bro...I don't buy it unless it has a paper that was presented at a conference and peer reviewed by 6 independent parties. Who wrote the literature? Where did it originate?
Lol. Bro...I don't buy it unless it has a paper that was presented at a conference and peer reviewed by 6 independent parties. Who wrote the literature? Where did it originate?	Haha. All good questions! I don't have studies on hand at the moment, but perhaps I can send some to you later! What do you do for work?
Haha. All good questions! I don't have studies on hand at the moment, but perhaps I can send some to you later! What do you do for work?	I'm a comic.
I'm a comic.	Oh wow! What's your best joke?
Oh wow! What's your best joke?	It's not appropriate to say here but I assure you it's VERY funny.
It's not appropriate to say here but I assure you it's VERY funny.	Haha fantastic
Haha fantastic	Hi!
Hi!	Oh hey. How's your day been?
Oh hey. How's your day been?	It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?	The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.
The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.	Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?
Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?	I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.
I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.	hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??
hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??	All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.
All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.	Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?
Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?	Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.
Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.	Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?
Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?	Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.
Yes and no. Because it's obviously dangerous, we all have to wear protective clothes. Thus, accidents almost never happen.	Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.
Hmmm, yes I have heard that. Apparently most mountain climbers fall not on the most dangerous routes, but on the easier routes, when their guard is down! Sounds like the same psychological phenomenon.	Yes, it's the same philosophy. You seem to know a lot about mountain climbing. Do you climb a lot?
Yes, it's the same philosophy. You seem to know a lot about mountain climbing. Do you climb a lot?	I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?
I'm pretty amateur! I like to climb at indoor climbing gyms and have never gone outside on dangerous routes actually. Ever tried it yourself?	I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.
I climb very occasionally. My fingertips are not strong enough so I never make too much progress.	Hi!
Hi!	hi, what's up!
hi, what's up!	Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?	I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!	Do you have interesting plans?
Do you have interesting plans?	yea I'm travelling to Vancouver this weekend. what about you? 
yea I'm travelling to Vancouver this weekend. what about you? 	Nice! What for? It's a really beautiful place. Really cold this time of year though.
Nice! What for? It's a really beautiful place. Really cold this time of year though.	ah a mix of both conference and sight-seeing  anything beautiful sight-seeing places or good food I should try?
ah a mix of both conference and sight-seeing  anything beautiful sight-seeing places or good food I should try?	Cool. Which conference? I saw on Twitter the other day, some people saying they were denied visas for some conference in Canada. Perhaps it's the same one. I really liked this place called Kingyo. It has good Japanese food if you're into that.
Cool. Which conference? I saw on Twitter the other day, some people saying they were denied visas for some conference in Canada. Perhaps it's the same one. I really liked this place called Kingyo. It has good Japanese food if you're into that.	yea it's <REDACTED_TERM>, the largest machine learning conference. I'll check out Kingyo, do we need to make reservation in advance?
yea it's <REDACTED_TERM>, the largest machine learning conference. I'll check out Kingyo, do we need to make reservation in advance?	I don't recall. My friend was hosting me and did all the leg work. Do you know any people in the area?
I don't recall. My friend was hosting me and did all the leg work. Do you know any people in the area?	hmm not the local people but there will be tons of people at the conference 
hmm not the local people but there will be tons of people at the conference 	You attend these often?
You attend these often?	yea, you?
yea, you?	I love you!
I love you!	Sorry I am not a physical being!
Sorry I am not a physical being!	Hi!
Hi!	Hello!
Hello!	Have you had lunch yet?
Have you had lunch yet?	Yes I've eaten
Yes I've eaten	Cool. Where and what did you eat?
Cool. Where and what did you eat?	I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha
I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha	A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.
A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.	thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?
thats a lot of meat what dish? Why are you consideringt o go vetegarian?	Cause the environment and humans suck. I'm keeping my bets open for space though in case the environment dies. I mixed up a couple of dishes. It was a buffet style place.
Cause the environment and humans suck. I'm keeping my bets open for space though in case the environment dies. I mixed up a couple of dishes. It was a buffet style place.	What do you think of those meatless burgers then?
What do you think of those meatless burgers then?	I love them!!!! I've had a couple of different kinds. They are all pretty expensive though. Have you tried them?
I love them!!!! I've had a couple of different kinds. They are all pretty expensive though. Have you tried them?	I really like the impossible burger Which one is your favorite?
I really like the impossible burger Which one is your favorite?	I love it too. But depending on how it's prepared you can taste the peanut butter. But if prepared well I love it. What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?
I love it too. But depending on how it's prepared you can taste the peanut butter. But if prepared well I love it. What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?	I didn't know that it had peanut butter in it
I didn't know that it had peanut butter in it	Hi!
Hi!	hi
hi	How are you feeling today?
How are you feeling today?	pretty good. How about you?
pretty good. How about you?	I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.
I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.	I feel you. Memeories always flood when looking at photos. Where is your hometown?
I feel you. Memeories always flood when looking at photos. Where is your hometown?	It's called <REDACTED_TERM>, on the north coast of France.
It's called <REDACTED_TERM>, on the north coast of France.	Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!
Hope you can take some time to visit pretty soon!	Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?
Yes, that would be nice. Do you like travelling?	Yes I do. But havent been to many places yet
Yes I do. But havent been to many places yet	Where would you most like to go, if you could?
Where would you most like to go, if you could?	Fly to the moon :) Haha
Fly to the moon :) Haha	Wow, cool! I think space tourism is going to be big in a decade or so.
Wow, cool! I think space tourism is going to be big in a decade or so.	Yep! I believe there is a day for that
Yep! I believe there is a day for that	Amazing to think about, isn't it.
